 htm 39421 Articles of incorporation 3 2016-07-19T07:56:26.703955-05:00 Filing 0001161697-16-000635 2016-01-22 10-K/A Annual  & Quarterly Reports 0001502152 First Titan Corp. FTTN COMMON OTC 3823 Industrial Instruments for Measurement, Display  & Control of Process Variables No FLORIDA FLORIDA FLORIDA true Small Reporting Company 000-55072 STATE OF NEVADA BYLAWS Exhibit Exhibit 2 ex_3-2.htm EX-3 2 ex_3-2.htm STATE OF NEVADA BYLAWS 
 
 Exhibit 3.2 
 
 FIRST TITAN CORP. 
 A Nevada Corporation 
 
 BYLAWS 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 Principal Executive Office 
 
The principal office of the Corporation shall be located at 495 Grand Boulevard, Suite 206, Miramar Beach, Florida 32550. The Board of Directors shall have the power and discretion  to change from time to time the location of the principal office of the Corporation. 
 
 ARTICLE II 
 Stockholders 
 
 Section 1.  Place of Meetings. All annual and special meetings of stockholders shall be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation or at such other place within or without the State of Nevada as  the board of directors may determine and as designated in the notice of such meeting. 
 
 Section 2.  Annual Meeting. A meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation for the election of directors and for the transaction of any other business of the Corporation shall be held annually at such date and time as the board of directors may determine; provided however, the annual meeting shall be held as closely as practicable in the same month of each year. 
 
 Section 3.  Special Meetings. Special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the board of directors of the Corporation, or by a committee of the board of directors which has been duly designated by the board of directors and whose powers and authorities, as provided in a resolution of the board of directors or in these bylaws of the Corporation, include the power and authority to call such meetings but such special meetings may not be called by another person or persons. 
 
 Section 4.  Conduct of Meetings. Annual and special meetings shall be conducted in accordance with these bylaws or as otherwise prescribed by the board of directors. The chairman or the chief executive officer o f the Corporation shall preside at such meetings. 
 
 Section 5.  Notice of Meeting. Written notice stating the place, day and hour of the meeting and the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called shall be mailed by the secretary or the officer performing his duties, not less than ten days nor more than sixty days before the meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be delivered when deposited in the United States mail, addressed to the stockholder at his address as it appears on the stock transfer books or records of the Corporation as of the record date prescribed in Section 6, with postage thereon prepaid. If a stockholder be present at a meeting, or in writing waive notice thereof before or after the meeting, notice of the meeting to such stockholder shall be unnecessary. When any stockholders' meeting, either annual or special, is adjourned for thirty days or more, notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given as in the case of an original meeting. It shall not be necessary to give any notice of the time and place of any meeting adjourned for less than thirty days or of the business to be transacted at such adjourned meeting, other than an announcement at the meeting at which such adjournment is taken. 
 
 Section 6.  Fixing of Record Date. For the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders, or any adjournment thereof, or stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend, or in order to make a determination of stockholders for any other proper purpose, the board of directors shall fix in advance a date as the record date for any such determination of stockholders. Such date in any case shall be not more than sixty days, and in case of a meeting of stockholders, not less than ten days prior to the date on w hich the particular action, requiring such determination of stockholders, is to be taken. 
 
When a determination of stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders has been made as provided in this section, such determination shall apply to any adjournment th ereof. 
 
 - 1 - 
 Nevada Bylaws - First Titan Corp. 
 
 
 
 Section 7.  Voting Lists. The officer or agent having charge of the stock transfer books for shares of the Corporation shall make, at least ten days before each meeting of stockholders, a complete record of the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting or any adjournment thereof, with the address of and the number of shares held by each. The record, for a period of ten days before such meeting, shall be kept on file at the principal executive office of the Corporation, whether within or outside the State of Nevada, and shall be subject to inspection by any stockholder for any purpose germane to the meeting at any time during usual business hours. Such record shall also be produced and kept open at the time and place of the meeting and shall be subject to the inspection of any stockholder for any purpose germane to the meeting during the whole time of the meeting. The original stock transfer books shall be prima facie evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine such record or transfer books or to vote at any meeting of stockholders. 
 
 Section 8.  Quorum. One-third of the outstanding shares of the Corporation entitled to vote, represented in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at a meeting of stockholders. If less than one-third of the outstanding shares are represented at a meeting, a majority of the shares so represented may adjourn the meeting from time to time without further notice. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be present or represented, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally notified. The stockholders present at a duly organized meeting may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough stockholders to leave less than a quorum. 
 
 Section 9.  Proxies. At all meetings of stockholders, a stockholder may vote by proxy executed in writing by the stockholder or by his duly authorized attorney in fact. Proxies solicited on behalf of the management shall be voted as directed by the stockholder or, in the absence of such direction, as determined by a majority of the board of directors. No proxy shall be valid af ter six months from the date of its execution unless otherwise provided in the proxy. 
 
 Section 10.  Voting. At each election for directors every stockholder entitled to vote at such election shall be entitled to one vote for each share of stock held. Unless otherwise provided by the Articles of Incorporation, by statute, or by these bylaws, a majority of those votes cast by stockholders at a lawful meeting shall be sufficient to pass on a transaction or matter, except in the election of directors, which election shall be determined by a plurality of the votes of the shares present in person or by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote o n the election of directors. 
 
 Section 11.  Voting of Shares in the Name of Two or More Persons. When ownership of stock stands in the name of two or more persons, in the absence of written directions to the Corporation to the contrary, at any meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation any one or more of such stockholders may cast, in person or by proxy, all votes to which such ownership is entitled. In the event an attempt is made to cast conflicting votes, in person or by proxy, by the several persons in whose name shares of stock stand, the vote or votes to which these persons are entitled shall be cast as directed by a majority of those holding such stock and present in person or by proxy at such meeting, but no votes shall be cast for such stock if a majority cannot agree. 
 
 Section 12.  Voting of Shares by Certain Holders. Shares standing in the name of another corporation may be voted by any officer, agent or proxy as the bylaws of such corporation may prescribe, or, in the absence of such provision, as the board of directors of such corporation may determine. Shares held by an administrator, executor, guardian or conservator may be voted by him, either in person or by proxy, without a transfer of such shares into his name. Shares standing in the name of a trustee may be voted by him, either in person or by proxy, but no trustee shall be entitled to vote shares held by him without a transfer of such shares into his name. Shares standing in the name of a receiver may be voted by such receiver, and shares held by or under the control of a receiver may be voted by such receiver without the transfer thereof into his name if authority to do so is contained in an appropriate order of the court or other public  authority by which such receiver was appointed. 
 
A stockholder whose shares are pledged shall be entitled to vote such shares until the shares have been transferred into the name of the pledgee and thereafter the pledgee shall be  entitled to vote the shares so transferred. 
 
Neither treasury shares of its own stock held by the Corporation, nor shares held by another corporation, if a majority of the shares entitled to vote for the election of directors of such other corporation are held by the Corporation, shall be voted at any meeting or counted in determining the total number of outstanding shares at any given time for purpose s of any meeting. 
 
 Section 13.  Inspectors of Election. In advance of any meeting of stockholders, the chairman of the board or the board of directors may appoint any persons, other than nominees for office, as inspectors of election to act at such meeting or any adjournment thereof. The number of inspectors shall be either one or three. If the board of directors so appoints either one or three inspectors, that appointment shall not be altered at the meeting. If inspectors of election are not so appointed, the chairman of the board may make such appointment at the meeting. In case any person appointed as inspector fails to appear or fails or refuses to act, the vacancy may be filled by appointment in advance of the meeting or at the meeting by the chairman of the b oard or the president. 
 
 - 2 - 
 Nevada Bylaws - First Titan Corp. 
 
 
 
 
Unless otherwise prescribed by applicable law, the duties of such inspectors shall include: determining the number of shares of stock and the voting power of each share, the shares of stock represented at the meeting, the existence of a quorum, the authenticity, validity and effect of proxies; receiving votes, ballots or consents; hearing and determining all challenges and questions in any way arising in connection with the right to vote; counting and tabulating all votes or consents; determining the result; and such acts as may be pr oper to conduct the election or vote with fairness to all stockholders. 
 
 Section 14. Nominating Committee.  The board of directors or a committee appointed by the board of directors shall act as nominating committee for selecting the management nominees for election as directors. Except in the case of a nominee substituted as a result of the death or other incapacity of a management nominee, the nominating committee shall deliver written nominations to the secretary at least twenty days prior to the date of the annual meeting. Provided such committee makes such nominations, no nominations for directors except those made by the nominating committee shall be voted upon at the annual meeting unless other nominations by stockholders are made in writing and delivered to the secretary of the Corporation in accordance wi th the provisions of the Corporation's articles of incorporation.   
 
 Section 15. New Business.  Any new business to be taken up at the annual meeting shall be stated in writing and filed with the secretary of the Corporation in accordance with the provisions of the Corporation's articles of incorporation.  This provision shall not prevent the consideration and approval or disapproval at the annual meeting of reports of officers, directors and committees, but in connection with such reports no new business shall be acted upon at such annual meeting unless stated and filed as provided in the Corporation's articles of incorporat ion.   
 
 ARTICLE III 
 Board of Directors 
 
 Section 1.  General Powers. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be under the direction of its board of directors. The chairman shall preside at all meetings of the board of directors. 
 
 Section 2.  Number, Term and Election. The number of directors of the Corporation shall be such number, not less than one nor more than 15, as shall be provided from time to time in a resolution adopted by the board of directors, provided that no decrease in the number of directors shall have the effect of shortening the term of any incumbent director, and provided further that no action shall be taken to decrease or increase the number of directors from time to time unless at least two-thirds of the directors then in office shall concur in said action. The terms of the Directors shall be for one (1) year. Despite the expiration of his or her term, a Director will continue to serve until his or her successor is elected and qualified. A member of the board of directors shall be eligible to run for a new term on the board of directors immediately after the expiration of his or her previous term. Vacancies in the board of directors of the Corporation, however caused, and newly created directorships shall be filled by a vote of two-thirds of the directors then in office, whether or not a quorum, and any d irector so chosen shall hold office for a term expiring at the next annual meeting of stockholders. 
 
 Section 3.  Removal of Directors . Notwithstanding any other provision of these bylaws of this Corporation, any director or all the directors of a single class (including the entire board of directors) of the Corporation may be removed, at any time, but only by the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least 2/3ds of the voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (considered for this purpose as one class).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, whenever the holders of any one or more series of preferred stock of the Corporation shall have the right, voting separately as a class, to elect one or more directors of the Corporation, the preceding provisions of this Section 3 shall not apply with respect to the director or directors elected by such holders of preferred stock. 
 
 Section 4.  Regular Meetings. A regular meeting of the board of directors shall be held at such time and place as shall be determined by resolution of the board of directors without other notice than such reso lution. 
 
 Section 5.  Special Meetings. Special meetings of the board of directors may be called by or at the request of the chairman, the chief executive officer or one-third of the directors. The person calling the special meetings of the board of directors may fix any place as the place for holding any special meeting of the board of directors called by such persons. 
 
Members of the board of the directors may participate in special meetings by means of telephone conference or similar communications equipment by which all persons participating in  the meeting can hear each other. Such participation shall constitute presence in person. 
 
 - 3 - 
 Nevada Bylaws - First Titan Corp. 
 
 
 
 Section 6.  Other Meetings/Notice . Other meetings of the Board of Directors for any purpose or purposes may be held at any time upon call by the President or, if the President is absent or unable to or refuses to act, by one Director. Such meetings may be held at any place within or without the State of Nevada as may be designated from time to time by resolution of the Board or by written  consent of all members of the Board. 
 
Written notice of the time and place of other meetings shall be delivered personally to each Director or sent to each Director by mail or other form of written communication, charges prepaid, addressed to the Director at the Director's address as it is shown upon the records of the Corporation or, if it is not so shown on such records or is not readily ascertainable, at the place in which the meetings of the Directors are regularly held. In case such notice is mailed, it shall be deposited in the United States Mail at least five (5) days prior to the time of the holding of the meeting. In case such notice is personally delivered, it shall be so delivered at least twenty-four (24) hours prior to the time of the holding of the meeting. Such mailing or delivery as above provided shall constitute due, legal and personal notice to such Director. 
 
 Section 7.  Quorum. A majority of the number of directors fixed by Section 2 shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the board of directors, but if less than such majority is present at a meeting, a majority of the directors present may adjourn the meeting from time to time. Notice of any adjourned meeting shall be given in the same manner a s prescribed by Section 5 of this Article III. 
 
 Section 8.  Manner of Acting. The act of the majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the board of directors, unless a greater number is prescribed by the se bylaws, the Articles of Incorporation, or the Nevada Revised Statutes. 
 
 Section 9.  Action Without a Meeting. Any action required or permitted to be taken by the board of directors at a meeting may be taken without a meeting if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shal l be signed by all of the directors. 
 
 Section 10.  Resignation. Any director may resign at any time by sending a written notice of such resignation to the home office of the Corporation addressed to the chairman. Unless otherwise specified the rein such resignation shall take effect upon receipt thereof by the chairman. 
 
 Section 11.  Vacancies. Any vacancy occurring on the board of directors shall be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office or by election at an annual meeting or at a special meeting of the stockholders held for that purpose. Any directorship to be filled by reason of an increase in the number of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office or by election at an annual meeting or at a special meeting of the stockholders held for that purpose. The term of such director shall b e in accordance with the provisions of the Corporation's Articles of Incorporation. 
 
 Section 12.  Removal of Directors . Any director or the entire board of directors may be removed by vote of ninety percent (90%) of the outstanding shares entitled to vote whenever, in the judgment of the stockholders, the best interests of the Corporation will be served thereby, but such removal, other than for cause, shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the person  so removed. 
 
 Section 13.  Compensation. Directors, as such, may receive compensation for service on the board of directors. Members of either standing or special committees may be allowed such compensation as the board  of directors may determine. 
 
 Section 14.  Age Limitation. No person 80 years or more of age shall be eligible for election, reelection, appointment or reappointment to the board of the Corporation. No director shall serve as such beyond the annual meeting of the Corporation immediately following the director becoming 80 years of age. This age limitation does not apply to an advisory director. 
 
 ARTICLE IV 
 Committees of the Board of Directors 
 
The board of directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole board, designate one or more committees, as they may determine to be necessary or appropriate for the conduct of the business of the Corporation, and may prescribe the duties, constitution and procedures thereof. Each committee shall consist of one or more directors of the Corporation appointed by the chairman. The chairman may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meetin g of the committee. 
 
 - 4 - 
 Nevada Bylaws - First Titan Corp. 
 
 
 
The chairman shall have power at any time to change the members of, to fill vacancies in, and to discharge any committee of the board. Any member of any such committee may resign at any time by giving notice to the Corporation; provided, however, that notice to the board, the chairman of the board, the chief executive officer, the chairman of such committee, or the secretary shall be deemed to constitute notice to the Corporation. Such resignation shall take effect upon receipt of such notice or at any later time specified therein; and, unless otherwise specified therein, acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Any member of any such committee may be removed at any time, either with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the authorized number of directors at any meeting of the board called for that purpose. 
 
 ARTICLE V 
 Officers 
 
 Section 1.  Positions. The officers of the Corporation shall be a chairman, a president, one or more vice presidents, a secretary and a treasurer, each of whom shall be elected by the board of directors. The board of directors may designate one or more vice presidents as executive vice president or senior vice president. The board of directors may also elect or authorize the appointment of such other officers as the business of the Corporation may require. The officers shall have such authority and perform such duties as the board of directors may from time to time authorize or determine. In the absence of action by the board of directors, the officers shall have such powers and duties as generally pertain to their respective office s. 
 
 Section 2.  Election and Term of Office. The officers of the Corporation shall be elected annually by the board of directors at the first meeting of the board of directors held after each annual meeting of the stockholders. If the election of officers is not held at such meeting, such election shall be held as soon thereafter as possible. Each officer shall hold office until his successor shall have been duly elected and qualified or until his death or until he shall resign or shall have been removed in the manner hereinafter provided. Election or appointment of an officer, employee or agent shall not of itself create contract rights. The board of directors may authorize the Corporation to enter into an employment contract with any officer in accordance with state law; but no such contract shall impair the right of the board of directors to remove any officer at any time in accordance with Section 3 of this Article V. 
 
 Section 3.  Removal. Any officer may be removed by vote of two-thirds of the board of directors whenever, in its judgment, the best interests of the Corporation will be served thereby, but such removal, other than for cause, shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the person so removed. 
 
 Section 4.  Vacancies. A vacancy in any office because of death, resignation, removal, disqualification or otherwise, may be filled by the board of directors for the unexpired portion of the term. 
 
 Section 5.  Remuneration. The remuneration of the officers shall be fixed from time to time by the board of directors, and no officer shall be prevented from receiving such salary by reason of the fact tha t he is also a director of the Corporation. 
 
 Section 6.  Age Limitation. No person 80 or more years of age shall be eligible for election, reelection, appointment or reappointment as an officer of the Corporation. No officer shall serve beyond the annu al meeting of the Corporation immediately following the officer becoming 80 or more years of age. 
 
 ARTICLE VI 
 Contracts, Loans, Checks and Deposits 
 
 Section 1.  Contracts. To the extent permitted by applicable law, and except as otherwise prescribed by the Corporation's Articles of Incorporation or these bylaws with respect to certificates for shares, the board of directors or the executive committee may authorize any officer, employee, or agent of the Corporation to enter into any contract or execute and deliver any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation. Such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. 
 
 Section 2.  Loans. No loans shall be contracted on behalf of the Corporation and no evidence of indebtedness shall be issued in its name unless authorized by the board of directors. Such authority m ay be general or confined to specific instances. 
 
 Section 3.  Checks, Drafts, Etc. All checks, drafts or other orders for the payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness issued in the name of the Corporation shall be signed by one or more officers, employees or agents of the Corporation in such manner, including in facsimile form, as shall from time to time be determined by resolution of the board of directors. 
 
 - 5 - 
 Nevada Bylaws - First Titan Corp. 
 
 
 
 Section 4.  Deposits. All funds of the Corporation not otherwise employed shall be deposited from time to time to the credit of the Corporation in any of its duly authorized depositories as the board o f directors may select. 
 
 ARTICLE VII 
 Certificates for Shares and Their Transfer 
 
 Section 1.  Certificates for Shares. The shares of the Corporation shall be represented by certificates signed by the chairman of the board of directors or the president or a vice president and by the treasurer or an assistant treasurer or the secretary or an assistant secretary of the Corporation, and may be sealed with the seal of the Corporation or a facsimile thereof. Any or all of the signatures upon a certificate may be facsimiles if the certificate is countersigned by a transfer agent, or registered by a registrar, other than the Corporation itself or an employee of the Corporation. If any officer who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon such certificate shall have ceased to be such officer before the certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he were such officer at the date of its issue. 
 
 Section 2.  Form of Share Certificates. All certificates representing shares issued by the Corporation shall set forth upon the face or back that the Corporation will furnish to any stockholder upon request and without charge a full statement of the designations, preferences, limitations, and relative rights of the shares of each class authorized to be issued, the variations in the relative rights and preferences between the shares of each such series so far as the same have been fixed and determined, and the authority of the board of directors to fix and determine the rel ative rights and preferences of subsequent series. 
 
Each certificate representing shares shall state upon the face thereof: that the Corporation is organized under the laws of the State of Nevada; the name of the person to whom issued; the number and class of shares, the designation of the series, if any, which such certificate represents; the par value of each share represented by such certificate, or a statement that the shares are without par value. Other matters in regard to the form of the certificates shall be determined by the board of directors. 
 
 Section 3.  Payment for Shares  . No certificate shall be issued for any share until such share is fully paid. 
 
 Section 4.  Form of Payment for Shares. The consideration for the issuance of shares shall be paid in accordance with the  provisions of the Corporation's Articles of Incorporation. 
 
 Section 5.  Transfer of Shares. Transfer of shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be made only on its stock transfer books. Authority for such transfer shall be given only to the holder of record thereof or by his legal representative, who shall furnish proper evidence of such authority, or by his attorney thereunto authorized by power of attorney duly executed and filed with the Corporation. Such transfer shall be made only on surrender for cancellation of the certificate for such shares. The person in whose name shares of capital stock stand on the boo ks of the Corporation shall be deemed by the Corporation to be the owner thereof for all purposes. 
 
 Section 6.  Lost Certificates. The board of directors may direct a new certificate to be issued in place of any certificate theretofore issued by the Corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost, stolen, or destroyed. When authorizing such issue of a new certificate, the board of directors may, in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance thereof, require the owner of such lost, stolen, or destroyed certificate, or his legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond in such sum as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the Corporation with respect to the certificate all eged to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed. 
 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 Fiscal Year; Annual Audit 
 
The fiscal year of the Corporation shall end on the last day of December of each year. The Corporation shall be subject to an annual audit as of the end of its fiscal year by indep endent public accountants appointed by and responsible to the board of directors. 
 
 ARTICLE IX 
 Dividends 
 
Dividends upon the stock of the Corporation, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation, if any, may be declared by the board of directors at any regular or special meeting, pursuant to law. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property or in the Corporation's own stock. 
 
 - 6 - 
 Nevada Bylaws - First Titan Corp. 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE X 
 Corporation Seal 
 
The corporate seal of the Corporation shall be in such form as the board of directors shall prescribe. 
 
 ARTICLE XI 
 Amendments 
 
In accordance with the Corporation's Articles of Incorporation, these bylaws may be repealed, altered, amended or rescinded by the stockholders of the Corporation only by vote of not less than 66 2/3rds% of the voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (considered for this purpose as one class) cast at a meeting of the stockholders called for that purpose (provided that notice of such proposed repeal, alteration, amendment or rescission is included in the notice of such meeting). In addition, the board of directors may repeal, alter, amend or rescind these bylaws by vote of four-fifths of the board of directors at a legal m eeting held in accordance with the provisions of these bylaws. 
 
 CERTIFICATE OF SECRETARY 
 
I hereby certify that I am the Secretary of First Titan Corp. and that the foregoing bylaws, consisting of 7 pages, constitute the bylaws of First Titan Corp. as duly adopted by re solution of the sole director of First Titan Corp. this 3 rd  day of December, 2014. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto subscribed my name this 3 rd  day of December, 2014. 
 
 /s/ Sydney Jim 
 Sydney Jim, Secretary 
 
 - 7 - 
 Nevada Bylaws - First Titan Corp. 
 
