 htm 196942 Filing 0001320461-17-000014 2017-02-17 0001320461 Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc. Motor Vehicle Parts  & Accessories CSA Acquisition Corp. 001-36127 EXHIBIT 3.2 Exhibit Exhibit 2 exhibit32.htm Articles of incorporation 3 2017-02-24T23:55:49.196176-06:00 10-K Accelerated Filer COM WTS-WI EXP 11/27/2017 NYSE OTC COSHW CPS No MICHIGAN MI 3714 Annual  & Quarterly Reports DELAWARE DE DELAWARE true EX-3.2 2 exhibit32.htm EXHIBIT 3.2 
 
 
      
 Exhibit 3.2 
                              
      
 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 BY-LAWS 
 
 OF 
 
 COOPER-STANDARD HOLDINGS INC., 
 
 a Delaware corporation 
 
 (the " Corporation ") 
 
 (As Amended and Restated Effective January 19, 2017) 
 
      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 BY-LAWS 
 
 OF 
 
 COOPER-STANDARD HOLDINGS INC. 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 OFFICES 
 
 Section 1.1    Registered Office.  The registered office of the Corporation within the State of Delaware shall be located at either (a) the principal place of business of the Corporation in the State of Delaware or (b) the office of the corporation or individual acting as the Corporation's registered agent in Delaware. 
 
 Section 1.2    Additional Offices. The Corporation may, in addition to its registered office in the State of Delaware, have such other offices and places of business, both within and outside the State of Delaware,  as the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the " Board ") may from time to time determine or as the business and affairs of the Corporation may require. 
 
 ARTICLE II 
 STOCKHOLDERS MEETINGS 
 
 Section 2.1    Annual Meetings. The annual meeting of stockholders shall be held at such place and time and on such date as shall be determined by the Board and stated in the notice of the meeting, provided that the Board may in its sole discretion determine that the meeting shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication pursuant to   Section 9.5(a). At each annual meeting, the stockholders shall elect the directors of the Corporation and may transact any other business as may properly be brought before the meeting. 
 
 Section 2.2     Special Meetings. Except as otherwise required by applicable law, special meetings of stockholders, for any purpose or purposes, may be called only as provided in the Corporation's Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as the same may be amended or restated from time to time (the " Certificate of Incorporation"). The Board may in its sole discretion determine that a special meeting shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication pursuant t o   Section 9.5(a) . 
   
 Section 2.3    Notices. Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, a written notice of the meeting shall be given which shall state the place, if any, date and hour of the meeting, the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting. Unless otherwise provided by applicable law or the Certificate of Incorporation, such notice shall be given by the Corporation not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting in the manner permitted by   Section 9.3. If said notice is for a stockholders meeting other than an annual meeting, it shall in addition state the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, and the business tr ansacted at such meeting shall be 
 
 
 1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
limited to the matters so stated in the Corporation's notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto), and, if applicable, the Special Meeting Request or as otherwise permitted pursu ant to   Section 2.7   or   Section 3.2. Other than a special meeting of stockholders called pursuant to a Special Meeting Request in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation, any meeting of stockholders as to which notice has been given may be postponed, and any special meeting of stockholders as to which notice has been given may be cancelled, by a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board upon public announcement given before the date previously scheduled for such meeting or any adjournment thereof. 
 
 Section 2.4     Quorum. Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, the presence, in person or by proxy, at a stockholders meeting of the holders of shares of outstanding capital stock of the Corporation representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at such meeting, except that when specified business is to be voted on by a class or series of stock voting as a class, the holders of shares representing a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of such class or series shall constitute a quorum of such class or series for the transaction of such business. If a quorum shall not be present or represented by proxy at any meeting of the stockholders, the chairman of the meeting may adjourn the meeti ng from time to time in the manner provided in   Section 2.6  until a quorum shall attend. The stockholders present at a duly convened meeting may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough stockholders to leave less than a quorum. Shares of its own stock belonging to the Corporation or to another corporation (if a majority of the voting power of the shares entitled to vote in the election of directors belonging to such other corporation is held, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation) shall neither be entitled to vote nor, for quorum purposes, be counted in (a) the number shares present, in person or by proxy, at a stockholders meeting or (b) the number of shares of outstanding capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at a stockholders meeting; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not limit the right of the Corporation or any such other corporation to vote shares held by it in a fi duciary capacity. 
 
 Section 2.5    Voting of Shares 
 
 (a)      Voting Lists. The Secretary shall prepare, or shall cause the officer or agent who has charge of the stock ledger of the Corporation to prepare, at least 10 days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders of record entitled to vote at the meeting (provided, however, if the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote is less than 10 days before the meeting date, the list shall reflect the stockholders entitled to vote as of the tenth day before the meeting date), arranged in alphabetical order for each class of stock and showing the address and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Nothing contained in this   Section 2.5(a)  shall require the Corporation to include the telephone number or other electronic contact information for electronic transmission to any stockholder on such list. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours for a period of at least 10 days prior to the meeting: (i) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting, or (ii) during ordinary business hours, at the principal place of business of the Corporation. If the Corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the Corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of the Corporation. If the meeting is to be held at a place, then the list of stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting shall be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be examined by any stockholder who is present. If a me eting of stockholders is to be held solely by means of remote communication as permitted by   Section 9.5(a), then such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder during the whole time of the meeting on a reasonably accessible electronic network, and the information require d to access such list shall be provided with the notice of meeting. The stock ledger 
 
 
 2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the list required by this   Section 2.5(a)   or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders. 
      
 (b)     Manner of Voting. At any stockholders meeting, every stockholder entitled to vote may vote in person or by proxy. If authorized by the Board, the voting by stockholders or proxyholders at any meeting conducted by remote communication may be effected by a ballot submitted by electronic transmission, provided that any such electronic transmission must either set forth or be submitted with information from which the Corporation can determine that the electronic transmission was authorized by the stockholder or proxyholder. The Board, in its discretion, or the chairman of the meeting of stockholders, in such person's discretion, may require that any votes cast at such meeting shall be cast by written ballot. 
 
 (c)     Proxies. Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder by proxy, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. Proxies need not be filed with the Secretary of the Corporation until the meeting is called to order, but shall be filed with the Secretary before being voted. Without limiting the manner in which a stockholder may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder as proxy, either of the following shall constitute a valid means by which a stockholder may grant such authority. 
 
 (i)A stockholder may execute a writing authorizing another person or persons to act for such stockholder as proxy. Execution may be accomplished by the stockholder or such stockholder's authorized officer, director, employee or agent signing such writing or causing such person's signature to be affixed to such writing by any reasonable means, including, but not  limited to, by facsimile signature. 
 
 (ii)A stockholder may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder as proxy by transmitting or authorizing the transmission of an electronic transmission to the person who will be the holder of the proxy or to a proxy solicitation firm, proxy support service organization or like agent duly authorized by the person who will be the holder of the proxy to receive such transmission, provided that any such electronic transmission must either set forth or be submitted with information from which it can be determined that the  electronic transmission was authorized by the stockholder. 
 
Any copy, electronic transmission or other reliable reproduction of the writing or transmission authorizing another person or persons to act as proxy for a stockholder may be substituted or used in lieu of the original writing or transmission for any and all purposes for which the original writing or transmission could be used; provided that such copy, electronic transmission or other reproduction shall be a complete reproduction of the entire original writing or transmission. 
 (d)     Required Vote . Subject to the rights of the holders of one or more series of preferred stock of the Corporation   (" Preferred Stock "),  voting separately by class or series, to elect directors pursuant to the terms of one or more series of Preferred Stock, all matters shall be determined by the vote of a majority of the votes cast by the stockholders present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote thereon, unless the matter is one upon which, by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation, these By-Laws or applicable stock exchange rules, a different vote is required, in which case such provision shall govern and control the decision  of such matter. 
 
 (e)     Inspectors of Election. The Board may, and shall if required by law, in advance of any meeting of stockholders, appoint one or more persons as inspectors of election, who may be employees of the 
 
 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Corporation or otherwise serve the Corporation in other capacities, to act at such meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof and to make a written report thereof. The Board may appoint one or more persons as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If no inspectors of election or alternates are appointed by the Board, the chairman of the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Each inspector, before discharging his or her duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of his or her ability. The inspectors shall ascertain and report the number of outstanding shares and the voting power of each; determine the number of shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and the validity of proxies and ballots; count all votes and ballots and report the results; determine the disposition of any challenges and retain for a reasonable period a record of the disposition of any challenges made to any determination by the inspectors; and certify their determination of the number of shares represented at the meeting and their count of all votes and ballots. No person who is a candidate for an office at an election may serve as an inspector at such election. Each report of an inspector shall be in writing and signed by the inspector or by a majority of them if there is more than one inspector acting at such meeting. If there is more than one inspector, the report of a majority shall be the report of the inspectors. 
 
 Section 2.6    Adjournments. Any annual or special meeting of stockholders may be adjourned by the chairman of the meeting, from time to time, whether or not there is a quorum, to reconvene at the same or some other place, provided that a special meeting of stockholders called pursuant to a Special Meeting Request may not be adjourned without the written consent of the stockholders that submitted such Special Meeting Request. Notice need not be given of any such adjourned meeting if the date, time and place or the means of remote communication by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting, as applicable, are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting the stockholders, or the holders of any class or series of stock entitled to vote separately as a class, as the case may be, may transact any business that might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. If after the adjournment a new record date for stockholders entitled to vote is fixed for the adjourned meeting, the Board shall fix a new record date for no tice of such adjourned meeting in accordance with   Section 2.3, and shall give notice of the adjourned meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such adjourned meeting as of the record date fixed for notice of such adjourned m eeting. 
 
 Section 2.7    Advance Notice for Business 
 
 (a)     Annual Meetings of Stockholders. No business may be transacted at an annual meeting of stockholders, other than business that is either (I) specified in the Corporation's notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board, (II) otherwise properly brought before the annual meeting by or at the direction of the Board or (III) otherwise properly brought before the annual meeting by any stockholder of the Corporation (x) who is a stockholder on the date of the giving of the notice provided for in this   Section 2.7(a)  and who is entitled to vote at such annual meeting and (y) who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this   Section 2.7(a). Except for proposals properly made in accordance with Rule 14a-8 (or any successor thereof) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the " Exchange Act"), and included in the notice of meeting given by or at the direction of the Board, the foregoing clause (III) shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to propose business to be brought before an annual meeting of stockholders. Stockholders seeking to nominate persons for election to the Board must comply with   Section 3.2 , and this   Section 2.7   shall not be applicable to nominations. 
 
(i)    In addition to any other applicable requirements, for business (other than nominations) to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, such stockholder mu st have given 
 
 
 4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
timely notice thereof in proper written form to the Secretary of the Corporation and such business must otherwise be a proper matter for stockholder action. Subject to   Section 2.7(a)(iv), a stockholder's notice to the Secretary with respect to such business, to be timely, must comply with the provisions of this   Section 2.7(a)(i). A stockholder's notice must be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the opening of business on the 120th day before the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders; provided, however, that if the annual meeting is called for a date that is more than 30 days earlier or more than 60 days later than such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received not earlier than the opening of business on the 120th day before the meeting and not later than the later of (x) the close of business on the 90th day before the meeting or (y) the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of the annual meeting is first made by the Corporation. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, for purposes of determining whether a stockholder's notice shall have been received in a timely manner for the annual meeting of stockholders in 2011, to be timely, a stockholder's notice must have been received not later than the close of business on February 15, 2011, nor earlier than the opening of business on January 15, 2011. The public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting shall not commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described in this   Section 2.7(a) . 
 
(ii)    To be in proper written form, a stockholder's notice to the Secretary with respect to any business (other than director nominations which are the subject of   Section 3.2 ) must set forth: 
 
 (A)as to each such matter such stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting (1) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting and any material interest in such business of such stockholder and any Stockholder Associated Person (as defined below), individually or in the aggregate, (2) the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and if such business includes a proposal to amend these By-Laws, the text of the proposed amendment) and ( 3) the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting; 
 
 (B)the name and address of the stockholder proposing such business, as they appear on the Corporation's books; 
 
 (C)the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation that are owned of record or are directly or indirectly owned beneficially by such stockholder and by an y Stockholder Associated Person; 
 
 (D)any proxy (other than a revocable proxy given in response to a solicitation made pursuant to Section 14(a) (or any successor thereof) of the Exchange Act by way of a solicitation statement filed on Schedule 14A), contract, arrangement, understanding or relationship pursuant to which such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person has a right to vote an y shares of the Corporation; 
 
 (E) any Derivative Position held by such Stockholder and by any Stockholder Associated Person; 
 
 (F)a description of all agreements, arrangements or understandings (written or oral) between or among such stockholder, any Stockholder Associated Person or 
 
 
 5 
 
 
 
 
 
 
any other person or persons (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business by such stockholder; 
 
 (G)any other information relating to such stockholder and any Stockholder Associated Person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitation of proxies for election of directors (even if an election contest is not involved), or would be otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Section 14 (or any successor thereof) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; 
 
 (H)a representation that such stockholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting to bring such business before the meeting; and 
 
 (I)a statement of whether such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person intends, or is part of a group that intends, to solicit proxies in connection with the proposal. 
 
 (iii)    The foregoing notice requirements of this   Section 2.7(a)  shall be deemed satisfied by a stockholder as to any proposal made pursuant to Rule 14a-8 (or any successor thereof) of the Exchange Act if the stockholder has notified the Corporation of such stockholder's intention to present such proposal at an annual meeting in compliance with Rule 14a-8 (or any successor thereof) of the Exchange Act. No business shall be conducted at the annual meeting of stockholders except business brought before the annual meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in this   Section 2.7(a), provided, however, that once business has been properly brought before the annual meeting in accordance with such procedures, nothing in this   Section 2.7(a)  shall be deemed to preclude discussion by any stockholder of any such business conducted in accordance with the rules for such meeting as set forth in   Section 2.8. If the Board or the chairman of the annual meeting determines that any stockholder proposal was not made in accordance with the provisions of this   Section 2.7(a)  or that the information provided in a stockholder's notice does not satisfy the information requirements of this   Section 2.7(a), such proposal shall not be presented for action at the annual meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this   Section 2.7(a), if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation to present the proposed business, such proposed business shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such matter may have been received by the Corporation. 
 
 (iv)    In addition to the provisions of this   Section 2.7(a), a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth herein. Nothin g in this   Section 2.7(a)  shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation's proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 (or any successor thereof) under  the Exchange Act. 
 
 (b)     Special Meetings of Stockholders. Any business may be transacted at a special meeting of stockholders, provided that with respect to each special meeting of stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as  is permitted by   Section 2.3. Nominations of persons for election to the Board may be made at a special meeting of stockholders pursuant to   Section 3.2. Notwithstanding any provision contained herein, in the case of a special meeting of stockholders called pursuant to a Special Meeting Request, to be timely, a stockholder's notice to the Secretary must be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than 15 days prior to such meeting. 
 
 
 
 6 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Section 2.8    Conduct of Meetings. The chairman of each annual and special meeting of stockholders shall be the Chairman of the Board or, in the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer (if he or she shall be a director) or such other person as shall be appointed by the Board. The date and time of the opening and the closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at a meeting shall be announced at the meeting by the chairman of the meeting. The Board may adopt or, in the absence thereof, the chairman of the meeting may prescribe, such rules and regulations for the conduct of the meeting of stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with these By-Laws or such rules and regulations, the chairman of any meeting of stockholders shall have the right and authority to convene, adjourn and close the meeting, and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chairman, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board or prescribed by the chairman of the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following: (a) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting; (b) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present; (c) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to stockholders of record of the Corporation, their duly authorized and constituted proxies or such other persons as the chairman of the meeting shall determine; (d) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof; and (e) limitations on the time allotted (to individuals and in the aggregate) to questions or comments by participants. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board or the chairman of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure. The secretary of each annual and special meeting of stockholders shall be the Secretary or, in the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the Secretary, the chairman of the  meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. 
 
 Section 2.9    No Action by Consent of Stockholders in Lieu of Meeting. Except as otherwise expressly provided by the terms of any series of Preferred Stock permitting the holders of such series of Preferred Stock to act by written consent, any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, unless a majority of the Whole Board approves in advance the taking of such action by means of written consent of stockholders, in which case such action may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum voting power that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered to the Corporation to its registered office in the State of Delaware, the Corporation's principal place of business, or the Secretary of the Corporation. Every written consent shall bear the date of signature of each stockholder who signs the consent and no written consent shall be effective to take the corporate action referred to therein unless, within 60 days of the date the earliest dated consent is delivered to the Corporation, a written consent or consents signed by a sufficient number of holders to take such action are delivered to the Corporation by delivery to the Corporation's registered office in the State of Delaware, the Corporation's principal place of business, or the Secretary. Delivery made to the Corporation's registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. An electronic transmission consenting to the action to be taken and transmitted by a stockholder, proxyholder or a person or persons authorized to act for a stockholder or proxyholder shall be deemed to be written, signed and dated for purposes hereof if such electronic transmission sets forth or is delivered with information from which the Corporation can determine that such transmission was transmitted by a stockholder or proxyholder (or by a person authorized to act for a stockholder or proxyholder) and the date on which such stockholder, proxyholder or authorized person transmitted such transmission. The date on which such electronic transmission is transmitted shall be deemed to be the date on which such consent was signed. No consent given by electronic transmission shall be deemed to have been delivered until such consent is reproduced in paper form and delivered to the Corporation by delivery either to the Corporation's registered  office in the 
 
 
 7 
 
 
 
 
 
 
State of Delaware, the Corporation's principal place of business, or the Secretary of the Corporation. Delivery made to the Corporation's registered office shall be made by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. Notwithstanding the limitations on delivery in the previous sentence, consents given by electronic transmission may be otherwise delivered to the Corporation's principal place of business or to the Secretary if, to the extent, and in the manner provided by resolution of a majority of the Whole Board. Any copy, electronic transmission or other reliable reproduction of a consent in writing may be substituted or used in lieu of the original writing for any and all purposes for which the original writing could be used; provided that such copy, electronic transmission or other reproduction shall be a complete reproduction of the entire original writing. Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing and who, if the action had been taken at a meeting, would have been entitled to notice of the meeting if the record date for notice of such meeting had been the date that written cons ents signed by a sufficient number of holders were delivered to the Corporation as provided in this   Section 2.9 . 
 
 
 ARTICLE III 
 DIRECTORS 
 
 Section 3.1    Powers. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board, which may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these By-Laws required to be exercised or done by the stockholders. Directors need not be stockho lders or residents of the State of Delaware. 
 
 Section 3.2    Advance Notice for Nomination of Directors . 
 
(a)    Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the following procedures shall be eligible for election as directors by the stockholders of the Corporation, except as may be otherwise provided by the terms of one or more series of Preferred Stock with respect to the rights of holders of one or more series of Preferred Stock to elect directors. Nominations of persons for election to the Board at any annual meeting of stockholders, or at any special meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors as set forth in the Corporation's notice of such special meeting, may be made (i) by or at the direction of the Board or (ii) by any stockholder of the Corporation (x) who is a stockholder o f record on the date of the giving of the notice provided for in this   Section 3.2  and who is entitled to vote in the election of directors at such meeting and (y) who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this   Section 3.2 . 
 
(b)    In addition to any other applicable requirements, for a nomination to be made by a stockholder, such stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholder's notice to the Secretary must comply with the provisions of this Section 3.2(b). A stockholder's notice must be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation: (i) in the case of an annual meeting, not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the opening of business on the 120th day before the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders; provided, however, that if the annual meeting is called for a date that is more than 30 days earlier or more than 60 days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so received not earlier than the opening of business on the 120th day before the meeting and not later than the later of (x) the close of business on the 90th day before the meeting or (y) the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of the annual meeting is first made by the Corporation; (ii) except as specified in clause (iii), in the case of a special meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors, not earlier than the opening of business on the 120th 
 
 
 8 
 
 
 
 
 
 
day before the meeting and not later than the later of (x) the close of business on the 90th day before the meeting or (y) the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of the special meeting is first made by the Corporation; and (iii) in the case of a special meeting of stockholders called pursuant to a Special Meeting Request for the purpose of electing directors, not later than 15 days prior to such meeting. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, for purposes of determining whether a stockholder's notice shall have been received in a timely manner for the annual meeting of stockholders in 2011, to be timely, a stockholder's notice must have been received not later than the close of business on February 15, 2011, nor earlier than the opening of business on January 15, 2011. The public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting or special meeting shall not commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described in this Section 3.2. 
 
(c)    Notwithstanding anything in paragraph (b) to the contrary, if the number of directors to be elected to the Board at an annual meeting is greater than the number of nominees of the Corporation and there is no public announcement by the Corporation specifying a decrease in the size of the Board at the time the notice of such meeting is given to stockhol ders, a stockholder's notice required by this   Section 3.2  shall be considered timely, but only with respect to the directorships for which the Corporation has failed to provide nominees, if it shall be received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the date on which such notice was given by the Corporation. 
 
 (d)    To be in proper written form, a stockholder's notice to the Secretary must set forth: 
 
 (i)    as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election as a director: 
 
 (A)    the name, age, business address and residence address of the person, 
 
 (B)    the principal occupation or employment of the person, 
 
(C)    the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation that are owned of record or are directly or indirectly owned beneficially by the person, 
 
 (D)    any Derivative Instrument directly or indirectly owned beneficially by such nominee, and 
 
(E)    any other information relating to the person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 (or any successor thereof) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; and 
 
 (ii)    as to the stockholder giving the notice: 
 
 (A)    the name and address of such stockholder as they appear on the Corporation's books, 
 
(B)    the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation that are owned of record or directly or indirectly owned beneficially by such Stockholder and an y Stockholder Associated Person, 
 
 
 
 9 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(C)    any proxy (other than a revocable proxy given in response to a solicitation made pursuant to Section 14(a) (or any successor thereof) of the Exchange Act by way of a solicitation statement filed on Schedule 14A), contract, arrangement, understanding or relationship pursuant to which such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person has a right to  vote any shares of the Corporation, 
 
 (D)    any Derivative Position held by such Stockholder and by an Stockholder Associated Person, 
 
(E)    a description of all agreements, arrangements or understandings (written or oral) between or among such stockholder, any Stockholder Associated Person, any proposed nominee or any other person or persons (including their names) pursuant to which the nomination or nominations are to be made by such stockholder, 
 
(F)    a representation that such stockholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the persons named in its notice, 
 
(G)    any other information relating to such stockholder and any Stockholder Associated Person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 (or any successor thereof) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulatio ns promulgated thereunder, 
 
(H)    a description of all direct and indirect compensation and other material monetary agreements, arrangements and understandings during the past three years, and any other material relationships, between or among such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person, or others acting in concert therewith, on the one hand, and each proposed nominee, and his or her respective affiliates and associates, or others acting in concert therewith, on the other hand, including, without limitation all information that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 404 promulgated under Regulation S-K if the stockholder making the nomination and any Stockholder Associated Person, or any person acting in concert therewith, was the "registrant" for purposes of such rule and the nominee was a director or executive officer of such registrant, and 
 
(I)    a statement of whether such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person intends, or is part of a group that intends, to solicit proxies for the election of the proposed nominee. Such notice must be accompanied by a written consent of each proposed nominee to being named as a nominee and to serve as a director if elected. 
 
(e)    If the Board or the chairman of the meeting of stockholders determines that any nomination was not made in accordance with the provisions of this   Section 3.2, then such nomination shall not be considered at the meeting in question. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this   Section 3.2, if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the meeting of stockholders of the Corporation to present the nomination, such nomination shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such nomination may have been received by the Corporation. 
 (f)    In addition to the provisions of this   Section 3.2, a stockholder shall also comply with all of the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth herein.  Nothing in this   Section 3.2   shall be deemed to affect any rights of the holders of 
 
 
 10 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Preferred Stock to elect directors pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation or the right of the Board to fill newly created directorships and vacancies on the Board pursuant to  the Certificate of Incorporation. 
 
 Section 3.3    Compensation. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, the Board shall have the authority to fix the compensation of directors. The directors may be reimbursed their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the Board and may be paid either a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the Board or other compensation as director. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. Members of committees of the Board may  be allowed like compensation and reimbursement of expenses for service on the committee. 
 
 Section 3.4      Majority Voting . Except as provided in   Section 3.5, to be elected a director at any stockholder meeting, a nominee must receive the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast with respect to that director's election at a mee ting at which a quorum is present. For purposes of this   Section 3.4, a majority of votes cast means that the number of votes "for" a nominee must exceed 50 percent of the votes cast with respect to the election of that nominee with abstentions and broker non-votes, if applicable, not counted as a vote cast "for" or "against" that director's election. 
 Section 3.5     Contested Elections . In the event of a " Contested Election", the nominees for director who receive a plurality of the votes cast at a stockholder meeting at which a quorum is present will be elected. An election of directors will be consi dered a " Contested Election " if (i) the secretary receives proper notice under   Section 3.2  that a stockholder (the "Nominating Stockholder") intends to make a nomination at such meeting, (ii) the number of nominated individuals including the Nominating Stockholder's nominees would exceed the number of directors to be elected, and (iii) the notice has not been withdrawn by the 14 th   day before the date that the Corporation begins mailing its notice of such meeting to stockholders. 
 Section 3.6     Resignation and Replacement of Unsuccessful Incumbents. 
 (a)     Before the Board can nominate any incumbent director for reelection to the Board by majority voting under   Section 3.4, such person must submit or have submitted an irrevocable resignation that will become effective if (i) that person does not receive a majority of the votes cast, as calculated pu rsuant to   Section 3.4 ; and (ii) the Board accepts that resignation in accordance with this   Section 3.6 . 
 (b)     Within 90 days of receiving the certified vote pertaining to any election of directors by stockholders by majority voting in which an incumbent director failed to receive a majority of the votes cast, the (i) the Governance Committee shall make a recommendation to the Board as to whether to accept or reject the resignation of such incumbent director, or whether other action should be taken and (ii) the Board shall consider the recommendation of the Governance Committee and shall act on the resignation of the unsuccessful incumbent. The Governance Committee in making its recommendation and the Board in making its determination may consider any factors they determine appropriate. Unless the Board makes a determination to reject the resignation of the incumbent director, the Board shall not elect or appoint any unsuccessful incumbent to the Board for at least one year after such annual meet ing. 
 (c)     If the Board accepts the resignation of an unsuccessful incumbent pursuant to Section 3.6, or if a nominee for director is not elected and the nominee is not an incumbent director,  then the Board may fill the resulting vacancy in accordance with   Section 5.3   of the Certificate of Incorporation. 
 
 
 11 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE IV 
 BOARD MEETINGS 
 
 
 Section 4.1    Annual Meetings. The Board shall meet as soon as practicable after the close of each annual stockholders meeting at the place of the annual stockholders meeting unless the Board shall fix another time and place and give notice thereof in the manner required herein for special meetings of the Board. No notice to the directors shall be necessary to legally convene this meeti ng, except as provided in this   Section 4.1 . 
 
 Section 4.2    Regular Meetings. Regularly scheduled, periodic meetings of the Board may be held without notice at such times, dates and places as shall from time to time be determined by the Board. 
 
 Section 4.3    Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board (a) may be called by the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer and (b) shall be called by the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or Secretary on the written request of at least a majority of directors then in office, or the sole director, as the case may be, and shall be held at such time, date and place as may be determined by the person calling the meeting or, if called upon the request of directors or the sole director, as specified in such written request. Notice of ea ch special meeting of the Board shall be given, as provided in   Section 9.3, to each director (i) at least 24 hours before the meeting if such notice is oral notice given personally or by telephone or written notice given by hand delivery or by means of a form of electronic transmission and delivery; (ii) at least two days before the meeting if such notice is sent by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service; and (iii) at least five days before the meeting if such notice is sent through the United States mail. If the Secretary shall fail or refuse to give such notice, then the notice may be given by the officer who called the meeting or the directors who requested the meeting. Any and all business that may be transacted at a regular meeting of the Board may be transacted at a special meeting. Except as may be otherwise expressly provided by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these By-Laws, neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any special meeting need be specified in the notice or waiver of notice of such meeting. A special meeting may be held at any time without notice if all the direct ors are present or if those not present waive notice of the meeting in accordance with   Section 9.4 . 
 
 Section 4.4    Quorum; Required Vote. A majority of the Whole Board shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the Board, and the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the Board, except as may be otherwise specifically provided by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws. If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting, a majority of the directors present may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meet ing, until a quorum is present. 
 
 Section 4.5    Consent In Lieu of Meeting. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board or any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions (or paper reproductions thereof) are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form. 
 
 Section 4.6    Organization. The chairman of each meeting of the Board shall be the Chairman of the Board or, in the absence (or inability or refusal to act) of the Chairman of the Board, a chairman elected from the directors present. The Secretary shall act as secretary of all meetings of the Board. In the absence 
 
 
 12 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(or inability or refusal to act) of the Secretary, the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. 
 
 ARTICLE V 
 COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS 
 
 Section 5.1    Establishment. The Board may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and report the same to the Board when required. The Board shall have the power at any time to fill vacancies in, to change the membership of, or to dissolve any such committe e. 
 
 Section 5.2    Available Powers . Any committee established pursuant to   Section 5.1  hereof, to the extent permitted by applicable law and by resolution of the Board, shall have and may exercise all of the powers and authority of the Board in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers that may require it. 
 
 Section 5.3    Alternate Members. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of such committee. 
 
 Section 5.4    Procedures. Unless the Board otherwise provides, the time, date, place, if any, and notice of meetings of a committee shall be determined by such committee. Notice of each committee meeting  shall be given, as provided in   Section 9.3, to each committee member (i) at least 24 hours before the meeting if such notice is oral notice given personally or by telephone or written notice given by hand delivery or by means of a form of electronic transmission and delivery; (ii) at least two days before the meeting if such notice is sent by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service; and (iii) at least five days before the meeting if such notice is sent through the United States mail. At meetings of a committee, a majority of the number of members of the committee (but not including any alternate member, unless such alternate member has replaced any absent or disqualified member at the time of, or in connection with, such meeting) shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. The act of a majority of the members present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the committee, except as otherwise specifically provided by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation, these By-Laws or the Board. If a quorum is not present at a meeting of a committee, the members present may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than an announcement at the meeting, until a quorum is present. Unless the Board otherwise provides and except as provided in these By-Laws, each committee designated by the Board may make, alter, amend and repeal rules for the conduct of its business. In the absence of such rules each committee shall conduct its business in the same manner as the Board is authorized to conduct its business pursuant to   Article III   and   Article IV   of these By-Laws. 
 
 ARTICLE VI 
 OFFICERS 
 
 Section 6.1    Officers. The officers of the Corporation elected by the Board shall be a Chairman of the Board, a Chief Executive Officer, and such other officers as the Board from time to time may determine. Officers elected by the Board shall each have such powers and duties as generally pertain to their respective offices, subject to the specific provisions of this   Article VI. Such officers shall also have such powers and duties as from time to time may be conferred by the Board. The Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may also appoint  such other officers (including, without limitation, a Treasurer, Secretary, Controller 
 
 
 13 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and one or more Vice Presidents) as may be necessary or desirable for the conduct of the business of the Corporation. Such other officers shall have such powers and duties and shall hold their offices for such terms as may be provided in these By-Laws or as may be prescribed by the Board or, if such officer has been appointed by the Chairman of the Board or  the Chief Executive Officer, as may be prescribed by the appointing officer. 
 
 (a)     Chairman of the Board. The Chairman of the Board shall preside when present at all meetings of the stockholders and the Board. The Chairman of the Board shall advise and counsel the Chief Executive Officer and other officers and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be assigned to or required of the Chairman of the Board from time to time by the Board or th ese By-Laws. 
 
 (b)     Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer shall be the chief executive officer of the Corporation, shall have general supervision of the affairs of the Corporation and general control of all of its business subject to the ultimate authority of the Board, and shall be responsible for the execution of the policies of the Board. 
 
 (c)     Secretary . 
 
(i)    The Secretary shall attend all meetings of the stockholders, the Board and committees of the Board (at the request of the Board or such committee) and shall record the proceedings of such meetings in books to be kept for that purpose. The Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and special meetings of the Board and shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board, the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer. The Secretary shall have custody of the corporate seal of the Corporation and the Secretary shall have authority to affix the same to any instrument requiring it, and when so affixed, it may be attested by his or her signature. The Board may give general authority to any other officer to affix the seal of the Corporation and to attest the affixing thereof by his or her signature. 
 
(ii)    The Secretary shall keep, or cause to be kept, at the principal executive office of the Corporation or at the office of the Corporation's transfer agent or registrar, if one has been appointed, a stock ledger, or duplicate stock ledger, showing the names of the stockholders and their addresses, the number and classes of shares held by each and, with respect to certificated shares, the number and date of certificates issued for the same and the number and date of certificates cancelled. 
 
 (d)     Treasurer. The Treasurer shall perform all duties commonly incident to that office (including, without limitation, the care and custody of the funds and securities of the Corporation which from time to time may come into the Treasurer's hands and the deposit of the funds of the Corporation in such banks or trust companies as the Board or the Chief Executive Officer m ay authorize). 
 
 Section 6.2    Term of Office; Removal; Vacancies. The Chairman of the Board shall be elected annually by the Board at its first meeting held after each annual meeting of stockholders, and he or she shall hold office until the next annual meeting of the Board and until their successors are duly elected and qualified or until their earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, or removal from office. Any officer, whether elected by the Board or appointed by the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer, may be removed, with or without cause, at any time by the Board. Any officer appointed by the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may also be removed, with or without cause, by the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer, as the case may be, unless the Board otherwise provides. Any vacancy occurring in any elected office of the Corporation may be filled by the Board. Any vacancy occurring in any office appointed by the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may be filled by the 
 
 
 14 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer as the case may be, unless the Board then determines that such office shall thereupon be elected by the Board, in which case th e Board shall elect such officer. 
 
 Section 6.3    Other Officers. The Board may delegate the power to appoint such other officers and agents, and may also remove such officers and agents or delegate the power to remove same, as it shall from ti me to time deem necessary or desirable. 
 
 Section 6.4    Multiple Officeholders; Stockholder and Director Officers. Any number of offices may be held by the same person unless the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws otherwise provide. Officers need not be stockholders or residents of  the State of Delaware. 
 
 ARTICLE VII 
 SHARES 
 
 Section 7.1    Certificated and Uncertificated Shares. The shares of the Corporation shall be represented by certificates, provided that the Board may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of its stock shall be uncertificated shares. Any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the Corporation. Notwithstanding the adoption of such a resolution by the Board, every holder of stock represented by certificates and upon request every holder of uncertificated shares shall be  entitled to have a certificate signed in accordance with   Section 7.3  representing the number of shares registered in certificate form. The Corporation shall not have power to issue a certificate representing shares in bearer form. 
 
 Section 7.2    Multiple Classes of Stock. If the Corporation shall be authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, the Corporation shall (a) cause the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences or rights to be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of any certificate that the Corporation issues to represent shares of such class or series of stock or (b) in the case of uncertificated shares, within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of such shares, send to the registered owner thereof a written notice containing the information required to be set forth on certificates as specified in clause (a) above; provided, however, that, except as otherwise provided by applicable law, in lieu of the foregoing requirements, there may be set forth on the face or back of such certificate or, in the case of uncertificated shares, on such written notice a statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences or rights. 
 
 Section 7.3    Signatures. Each certificate representing capital stock of the Corporation shall be signed by or in the name of the Corporation by (a) the Secretary and (b) any other authorized officer of the Corporation. Any or all the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, such certificate may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if such person were such officer, transfer agent or registrar on the date of issue. 
 
 Section 7.4    Consideration and Payment for Shares . 
 
(a)    Subject to applicable law and the Certificate of Incorporation, shares of stock may be issued for such consideration, having in the case of shares with par value a value not  less than the par value thereof, 
 
 
 15 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and to such persons, as determined from time to time by the Board. The consideration may consist of any tangible or intangible property or benefit to the Corporation including cash , promissory notes, services performed, contracts for services to be performed or other securities. 
 
(b)    Subject to applicable law and the Certificate of Incorporation, shares may not be issued until the full amount of the consideration has been paid, unless upon the face or back of each certificate issued to represent any partly paid shares of capital stock or upon the books and records of the Corporation in the case of partly paid uncertificated shares, there shall have been set forth the total amount of the consideration to be paid therefor and the amount paid thereon up to and including the time said certificate representing c ertificated shares or said uncertificated shares are issued. 
 
 Section 7.5    Lost, Destroyed or Wrongfully Taken Certificates. 
 
(a)    If an owner of a certificate representing shares claims that such certificate has been lost, destroyed or wrongfully taken, the Corporation shall issue a new certificate representing such shares or such shares in uncertificated form if the owner: (i) requests such a new certificate before the Corporation has notice that the certificate representing such shares has been acquired by a protected purchaser; (ii) if requested by the Corporation, delivers to the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify the Corporation against any claim that may be made against the Corporation on account of the alleged loss, wrongful taking or destruction of such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate or uncertif icated shares; and (iii) satisfies other reasonable requirements imposed by the Corporation. 
 
(b)    If a certificate representing shares has been lost, destroyed or wrongfully taken, and the owner fails to notify the Corporation of that fact within a reasonable time after the owner has notice of such loss, apparent destruction or wrongful taking and the Corporation registers a transfer of such shares before receiving notification, the owner shall be precluded from asserting against the Corporation any claim for registering such transfer or a claim to a new certificate representing such shares or such shares in uncertificated  form. 
 
 Section 7.6    Transfer of Stock . 
 
(a)    If a certificate representing shares of the Corporation is presented to the Corporation with a stock power or other indorsement requesting the registration of transfer of such shares or an instruction is presented to the Corporation requesting the registration of transfer of uncertificated shares, the Corporation shall register the transfer as request ed if: 
 
(i)    in the case of certificated shares, the certificate representing such shares has been surrendered; 
 
(ii)    (A) with respect to certificated shares, the indorsement is made by the person specified by the certificate as entitled to such shares; (B) with respect to uncertificated shares, an instruction is made by the registered owner of such uncertificated shares; or (C) with respect to certificated shares or uncertificated shares, the indorsement or instruction is made by any other appropriate person or by an agent who has actual authority to act on behalf of the appropriate person; 
 
(iii)    the Corporation has received a guarantee of signature of the person signing such indorsement or instruction or such other reasonable assurance that the indorsement or inst ruction is genuine and authorized as the Corporation may request; 
 
 
 
 16 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(iv)    the transfer does not violate any restriction on transfer imposed by the Corporation that is enforceable in accordance with   Section 7.8(a) ; and 
 
(v)    such other conditions for such transfer as shall be provided for under applicable law have been satisfied. 
 
(b)    Whenever any transfer of shares shall be made for collateral security and not absolutely, the Corporation shall only record such fact in the entry of transfer if, when the certificate for such shares is presented to the Corporation for transfer or, if such shares are uncertificated, when the instruction for registration of transfer thereof is presente d to the Corporation, both the transferor and transferee request the Corporation to do so. 
 
 Section 7.7    Registered Stockholders. Before due presentment for registration of transfer of a certificate representing shares of the Corporation or of an instruction requesting registration of transfer of uncertificated shares, the Corporation may treat the registered owner as the person exclusively entitled to inspect for any proper purpose the stock ledger and the other books and records of the Corporation, vote such shares, receive dividends or notifications with respect to such shares and otherwise exercise all the rights and powers of the owner of such shares, except that a person who is the beneficial owner of such shares (if held in a voting trust or by a nominee on behalf of such person) may, upon providing documentary evidence of beneficial ownership of such shares and satisfying such other conditions as are provided under applicable law, may also so inspect the books and records of the Corporation. 
 
 Section 7.8    Effect of the Corporation's Restriction on Transfer . 
 
(a)    A written restriction on the transfer or registration of transfer of shares of the Corporation or on the amount of shares of the Corporation that may be owned by any person or group of persons, if permitted by the DGCL and noted conspicuously on the certificate representing such shares or, in the case of uncertificated shares, contained in a notice sent by the Corporation to the registered owner of such shares within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of such shares, may be enforced against the holder of such shares or any successor or transferee of the holder including an executor, administrator, trustee, guardian or other fiduciary entrusted with like responsibility for the person or esta te of the holder. 
 
(b)    A restriction imposed by the Corporation on the transfer or the registration of shares of the Corporation or on the amount of shares of the Corporation that may be owned by any person or group of persons, even if otherwise lawful, is ineffective against a person without actual knowledge of such restriction unless: (i) the shares are certificated and such restriction is noted conspicuously on the certificate; or (ii) the shares are uncertificated and such restriction was contained in a notice sent by the Corporation to the regis tered owner of such shares within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of such shares. 
 
 Section 7.9    Regulations. The Board shall have power and authority to make such additional rules and regulations, subject to any applicable requirement of law, as the Board may deem necessary and appropriate with respect to the issue, transfer or registration of transfer of shares of stock or certificates representing shares. The Board may appoint one or more transfer agents or registrars and may require for the validity thereof that certificates representing shares bear the signature of any transfer agent or registrar so appointed. 
 
 
 17 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 INDEMNIFICATION 
 
 Section 8.1    Right to Indemnification. Each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether  civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (hereinafter a " proceeding"), by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or, while a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an  employee benefit plan (hereinafter a " Covered Person"), whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent, or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee or agent, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by applicable law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, against all expense, liability and loss (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such Covered Person in connection with such proceeding; provided, however, that, except as provided in   Section 8.3  with respect to proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification, the Corporation shall indemnify a Covered Person in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such Covered Person only if such proceeding (or part thereof) is authorized by the Board (whether before, during or after the pendency of such proceeding). 
 
 Section 8.2    Right to Advancement of Expenses . In addition to the right to indemnification conferred in   Section 8.1, a Covered Person shall also have the right to be paid by the Corporation the expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees) incurred in defending, testifying, or other wise participating in any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition (hereinafter an " advancement of expenses "); provided, however, that, if the Delaware General Corporation Law (" DGCL") requires, an advancement of expenses incurred by a Covered Person in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Corporation (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such Covered Person, including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) shall be made only upon delivery to the Corporation of an underta king (hereinafter an " undertaking"), by or on behalf of such Covered Person, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to  appeal (hereinafter a " final adjudication ") that such Covered Person is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under this   Article VIII   or otherwise. 
 
 Section 8.3    Right of Indemnitee to Bring Suit . If a claim under   Section 8.1   or   Section 8.2  is not paid in full by the Corporation within 60 days after a written claim therefor has been received by the Corporation, except in the case of a claim for an advancement of expenses, in which case the applicable period shall be 20 days, the Covered Person may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim. If successful in whole or in part in any such suit, or in a suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Covered Person shall also be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting or defending such suit. In (a) any suit brought by the Covered Person to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder (but not in a suit brought by a Covered Person to enforce a right to an advancement of expenses) it shall be a defense that, and (b) in any suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Corporation shall be entitled to recover such expenses upon a final adjudication that, the Covered Person has not met any applicable standard for indemnification set forth in the DGCL. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its directors who are not parties to such action, a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the 
 
 
 18 
 
 
 
 
 
 
commencement of such suit that indemnification of the Covered Person is proper in the circumstances because the Covered Person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the DGCL, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including a determination by its directors who are not parties to such action, a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) that the Covered Person has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption that the Covered Person has not met the applicable standard of conduct or, in the case of such a suit brought by the Covered Person, shall be a defense to such suit. In any suit brought by the Covered Person to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, or by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the burden of proving that the Covered Person is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this   Article VIII   or otherwise shall be on the Corporation. 
 
 Section 8.4    Non-Exclusivity of Rights . The rights provided to Covered Persons pursuant to this   Article VIII  shall not be exclusive of any other right that any Covered Person may have or hereafter acquire under applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation, these By-Laws, an agreement,  a vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise. 
 
 Section 8.5    Insurance. The Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and/or any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense,  liability or loss under the DGCL. 
 
 Section 8.6    Indemnification of Other Persons . This   Article VIII  shall not limit the right of the Corporation to the extent and in the manner authorized or permitted by law to indemnify and to advance expenses to persons other than Covered Persons. Without limiting the foregoing, the Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board, grant rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to any employee or agent of the Corporation and to any other person who is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan, to the fullest extent of the provisions of this   Article VIII   with respect to the indemnification and advancement of expenses of Covered Persons under this   Article VIII . 
 
 Section 8.7    Third Party Indemnitors. The Corporation hereby acknowledges that certain Covered Persons have certain rights to indemnification, advancement of expenses and/or insurance provided by third parties, including stockholders of the Corporation (collectively, the "Third Party Indemnitors"). The Corporation hereby agrees: 
 
(a)    that it is the indemnitor of first resort (i.e., its obligations to any such Covered Person are primary and any obligation of the Third Party Indemnitors to advance expenses or to provide indemnification for the same expenses or liabilities incurred by any such Covered Person are secondary); 
 
(b)    that it shall be required to advance the full amount of expenses incurred by any such Covered Person and shall be liable for the full amount of all Expenses, judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement to the extent legally permitted and as required by the terms of the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws (or any agreement between the Corporation and any such Covered Person), without regard to any rights any such Covered Person may have against the Third Party Indemnitors; and 
 
(c)    that it irrevocably waives, relinquishes and releases the Third Party Indemnitors from any and all claims against the Third Party Indemnitors for contribution, subrogation o r any other recovery of any kind in respect thereof. 
 
 
 19 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Corporation further agrees that no advancement or payment by the Third Party Indemnitors on behalf of any such Covered Person with respect to any claim for which any such Covered Person has sought indemnification from the Corporation shall affect the foregoing and the Third Party Indemnitors shall have a right of contribution and/or be subrogated to the extent of such advancement or payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee against the Corporation. The Corporation agrees that the Third Party Indemnitors are express th ird party beneficiaries of the terms of this   Section 8.7 . Notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary in these By-Laws, the provisions of this   Section 8.7  shall remain in full force and effect and shall not be repealed or amended for so long as the Corporation is party to those certain Director Nomination Agreements dated as of May 2 7, 2010, among the Corporation and the other parties thereto, as amended from time to time (the   Director Nomination Agreements "). 
 Section 8.8    Amendments . Any repeal or amendment of this   Article VIII  by the Board or the stockholders of the Corporation or by changes in applicable law, or the adoption of any other provision of these By-Laws inconsistent with this   Article VIII, shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, be prospective only (except to the extent such amendment or change in applicable law permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights to Covered Persons on a retroactive basis than permitted prior thereto), and will not in any way diminish or adversely affect any right or protection existing hereunder in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision. 
   
 Section 8.9    Certain Definitions . For purposes of this   Article VIII, (a) references to "other enterprise" shall include any employee benefit plan; (b) references to "fines" shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; (c) references to "serving at the request of the Corporation" shall include any service that imposes duties on, or involves services by, a person with respect to any employee benefit plan, its participants, or beneficiaries; and (d) a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner "not opposed to the best interest of the Corporation" for purposes of Sectio n 145 of the DGCL. 
 
 Section 8.10    Contract Rights . The rights provided to Covered Persons pursuant to this   Article VIII  (a) shall be contract rights based upon good and valuable consideration, pursuant to which a Covered Person may bring suit as if the provisions of this   Article VIII  were set forth in a separate written contract between the Covered Person and the Corporation, (b) shall fully vest at the time the Covered Person first assumes his or her position as a director or officer of the Corporation, (c) are intended to be retroactive and shall be available with respect to any act or omission occurring prior to the adoption of this   Article VIII, (d) shall continue as to a Covered Person who has ceased to be a director or officer of the Corporation, and (e) shall inure to the benefit of the Covered Person's heirs, executo rs and administrators. 
 
 Section 8.11    Severability . If any provision or provisions of this   Article VIII  shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this   Article VIII  shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby; and (b) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this   Article VIII   (including, without limitation, each such portion of this   Article VIII  containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by the provision held invalid, illegal  or unenforceable. 
 
 
 20 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE IX 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 Section 9.1    Place of Meetings. If the place of any meeting of stockholders, the Board or committee of the Board for which notice is required under these By-Laws is not designated in the notice of such meeting, such meeting shall be held at the principal business office of the Corporation; provided, however, if the Board has, in its sole discretion, determined that a meeting shall not be  held at any place, but instead shall be held by means of remote communication pursuant to   Section 9.5   hereof, then such meeting shall not be held at any place. 
 
 Section 9.2    Fixing Record Dates . 
 
(a)    In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board may fix a record date, which shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board, and which record date shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting. If the Board so fixes a record date, such date shall also be the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board determines, at the time it fixes such record date, that a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination. If no record date is fixed by the Board, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the business day preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the business day preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board may fix a new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and in such case shall also fix as the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this   Section 9.2(a)   at the adjourned meeting. 
 
(b)    In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than 60 days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board adopts the resolution relatin g thereto. 
 
(c)    In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, the Board may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board, and which date shall not be more than 10 days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board. If no record date has been fixed by the Board, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the Board is otherwise required, shall be the first date on which a signed written consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware, its principal place of business, or the Secretary of the Corporation. Delivery made to the Corporation's registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. If no record date has been fixed by the Board and prior action by the Board is otherwise required, the record date for determining stockholders 
 
 
 21 
 
 
 
 
 
 
entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board adopts the resolution taking such prior action. 
 
 Section 9.3    Means of Giving Notice . 
    
 (a)     Notice to Directors. Whenever under applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws notice is required to be given to any director, such notice shall be given either (i) in writing and sent by hand delivery, through the United States mail, or by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service for next day delivery, (ii) by means of electronic transmission, or (iii) by oral notice given personally or by telephone. A notice to a director will be deemed given as follows: (A) if given by hand delivery, orally, or by telephone, when actually received by the director, (B) if sent through the United States mail, when deposited in the United States mail, with postage and fees thereon prepaid, addressed to the director at the director's address appearing on the records of the Corporation, (C) if sent for next day delivery by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, when deposited with such service, with fees thereon prepaid, addressed to the director at the director's address appearing on the records of the Corporation, (D) if sent by facsimile telecommunication, when sent to the facsimile number for such director appearing on the records of the Corporation, (E) if sent by email, when sent to the email address for such director appearing on the records of the Corporation, or (F) if sent by any other form of electronic transmission, when sent to the address, location or number (as applicable) for such director app earing on the records of the Corporation. 
 
 (b)     Notice to Stockholders. Whenever under applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws notice is required to be given to any stockholder, such notice may be given (1) in writing and sent either by hand delivery, through the United States mail, or by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service for next day delivery, or (2) by means of electronic transmission consented to by the stockholder, to the extent permitted by, and subject to the conditions set forth in Section 232 of the DGCL. A notice to a stockholder shall be deemed given  as follows: 
 
 (i)    if given by hand delivery, when actually received by the stockholder, 
 
(ii)    if sent through the United States mail, when deposited in the United States mail, with postage and fees thereon prepaid, addressed to the stockholder at the stockholder's a ddress appearing on the stock ledger of the Corporation, 
 
(iii)    if sent for next day delivery by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, when deposited with such service, with fees thereon prepaid, addressed to the stockhol der at the stockholder's address appearing on the stock ledger of the Corporation, and 
 
(iv)    if given by a form of electronic transmission consented to by the stockholder to whom the notice is given and otherwise meeting the requirements set forth above, 
 
(A)    if by email, when directed to an email address at which the stockholder has consented to receive notice, 
 
(B)    if by a posting on an electronic network together with separate notice to the stockholder of such specified posting, upon the later of (1) such posting and (2) the giving of  such separate notice, and 
 
 (C)    if by any other form of electronic transmission, when directed to the stockholder. 
 
 
 22 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
A stockholder may revoke such stockholder's consent to receiving notice by means of electronic communication by giving written notice of such revocation to the Corporation. Any such consent shall be deemed revoked if (1) the Corporation is unable to deliver by electronic transmission two consecutive notices given by the Corporation in accordance with such consent and (2) such inability becomes known to the Secretary or to the Corporation's transfer agent, or other person responsible for the giving of notice; provided, however, the inadvertent failure to treat such inability as a revocation shall not invalidate any meeting or other action. 
 (c)     Notice to Stockholders Sharing Same Address. Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively by the Corporation to stockholders, any notice to stockholders given by the Corporation under any provision of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws shall be effective if given by a single written notice to stockholders who share an address if consented to by the stockholders at that address to whom such notice is given. A stockholder may revoke such stockholder's consent by delivering written notice of such revocation to the Corporation. Any stockholder who fails to object in writing to the Corporation within 60 days of having been given written notice by the Corporation of its intention to send such a single  written notice shall be deemed to have consented to receiving such single written notice. 
 
 (d)     Exceptions to Notice Requirements. Whenever notice is required to be given, under the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, to any person with whom communication is unlawful, the giving of such notice to such person shall not be required and there shall be no duty to apply to any governmental authority or agency for a license or permit to give such notice to such person. Any action or meeting that shall be taken or held without notice to any such person with whom communication is unlawful shall have the same force and effect as if such notice had been duly given. If the action taken by the Corporation is such as to require the filing of a certificate with the Secretary of State of Delaware, the certificate shall state, if such is the fact and if notice is required, that notice was given to all persons entitled to receive notice except such persons with whom communication is unlawful. 
 
Whenever notice is required to be given by the Corporation, under any provision of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, to any stockholder to whom (1) notice of two consecutive annual meetings of stockholders and all notices of stockholder meetings or of the taking of action by written consent of stockholders without a meeting to such stockholder during the period between such two consecutive annual meetings, or (2) all, and at least two payments (if sent by first-class mail) of dividends or interest on securities during a 12-month period, have been mailed addressed to such stockholder at such stockholder's address as shown on the records of the Corporation and have been returned undeliverable, the giving of such notice to such stockholder shall not be required. Any action or meeting that shall be taken or held without notice to such stockholder shall have the same force and effect as if such notice had been duly given. If any such stockholder shall deliver to the Corporation a written notice setting forth such stockholder's then-current address, the requirement that notice be given to such stockholder shall be reinstated. If the action taken by the Corporation is such as to require the filing of a certificate with the Secretary of State of Delaware, the certificate need not state that notice was not given to persons to whom notice was not required to be given pursuant to Section 230(b) of the DGCL. The exception in subsection (1) of the first sentence of this paragraph to the requirement that notice be given shall not be applicable to any notice returned as undeliverab le if the notice was given by electronic transmission. 
 Section 9.4    Waiver of Notice. Whenever any notice is required to be given under applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation, or these By-Laws, a written waiver of such notice, signed before or after 
 
 
 23 
 
 
 
 
 
 
the date of such meeting by the person or persons entitled to said notice, or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person entitled to said notice, shall be deemed equivalent to such required notice. All such waivers shall be kept with the books of the Corporation. Attendance at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where a person attends for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business on the ground that the meeting was not lawfully called or convened. 
 
 Section 9.5    Meeting Attendance via Remote Communication Equipment . 
 
 (a)     Stockholder Meetings. If authorized by the Board in its sole discretion, and subject to such guidelines and procedures as the Board may adopt, stockholders and proxyholders not physically present at a  meeting of stockholders may, by means of remote communication: 
 
 (i)    participate in a meeting of stockholders; and 
 
(ii)    be deemed present in person and vote at a meeting of stockholders, whether such meeting is to be held at a designated place or solely by means of remote communication, provided that (A) the Corporation shall implement reasonable measures to verify that each person deemed present and permitted to vote at the meeting by means of remote communication is a stockholder or proxyholder, (B) the Corporation shall implement reasonable measures to provide such stockholders and proxyholders a reasonable opportunity to participate in the meeting and to vote on matters submitted to the stockholders, including an opportunity to read or hear the proceedings of the meeting substantially concurrently with such proceedings, and (C) if any stockholder or proxyholder votes or takes other action at the meeting by means of remote communication, a record of such votes or other action shall be maintaine d by the Corporation. 
 
 (b)     Board Meetings. Unless otherwise restricted by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, members of the Board or any committee thereof may participate in a meeting of the Board or any committee thereof by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other. Such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting, except where a person participates in the meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the tr ansaction of any business on the ground that the meeting was not lawfully called or convened. 
 
 Section 9.6    Dividends. The Board may from time to time declare, and the Corporation may pay, dividends (payable in cash, property or shares of the Corporation's capital stock) on the Corporation's outs tanding shares of capital stock, subject to applicable law and the Certificate of Incorporation. 
 
 Section 9.7    Reserves. The Board may set apart out of the funds of the Corporation available for dividends a reserve or reserves for any proper purpose and may abolish any such reserve. 
 
 Section 9.8    Contracts and Negotiable Instruments. Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, any contract, bond, deed, lease, mortgage or other instrument may be executed and delivered in the name and on behalf of the Corporation by such officer or officers or other employee or employees of the Corporation as the Board may from time to time authorize. Such authority may be general or confined to specific instances as the Board may determine. The Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or any Vice President may execute and deliver any contract, bond, deed, lease, mortgage or other instrument in the name and on behalf of the Corporation. Subject to any restrictions imposed by the Board, the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may delegate powers to execute and deliver any contract, bond, deed, lease, mortgage or other instrument in the nam e and on behalf of the Corporation to other officers or employees of the Corporation under such 
 
 
 24 
 
 
 
 
 
 
person's supervision and authority, it being understood, however, that any such delegation of power shall not relieve such officer of responsibility with respect to the exercise of  such delegated power. 
 
 Section 9.9    Fiscal Year . The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed by the Board. 
 
 Section 9.10    Seal. The Board may adopt a corporate seal, which shall be in such form as the Board determines. The seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed, affixed or o therwise reproduced. 
 
 Section 9.11    Books and Records. The books and records of the Corporation may be kept within or outside the State of Delaware at such place or places as may from time to time be designated by the Board. 
 
 Section 9.12    Resignation. Any director, committee member or officer may resign by giving notice thereof in writing or by electronic transmission to the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary. The resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein, or at the time of receipt of such notice if no time is specified or the specified time is earlier than the time of such receipt. Unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. 
 
 Section 9.13    Surety Bonds. Such officers, employees and agents of the Corporation (if any) as the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the Board may direct, from time to time, shall be bonded for the faithful performance of their duties and for the restoration to the Corporation, in case of their death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal from office, of all books, papers, vouchers, money and other property of whatever kind in their possession or under their control belonging to the Corporation, in such amounts and by such surety companies as the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the Board may determine. The premiums on such bonds shall be paid by the Corporation and the bonds so fu rnished shall be in the custody of the Secretary. 
 
 Section 9.14     Securities of Other Corporations. Powers of attorney, proxies, waivers of notice of meeting, consents in writing and other instruments relating to securities owned by the Corporation may be executed in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation by the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer. Any such officer, may, in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation, take all such action as any such officer may deem advisable to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of security holders of any corporation in which the Corporation may own securities, or to consent in writing, in the name of the Corporation as such holder, to any action by such corporation, and at any such meeting or with respect to any such consent shall possess and may exercise any and all rights and power incident to the ownership of such securities and which, as the owner thereof, the Corporation might have exercised and possessed. The B oard may from time to time confer like powers upon any other person or persons. 
 
 Section 9.15    Amendments. In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred upon it by law, the Board shall have the power to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the By-Laws. The affirmative vote of a majority of the Whole Board shall be required to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the By-Laws. The By-Laws also may be adopted, amended, altered or repealed by the stockholders to the extent permissible under the DGCL; provided, however, that in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation required by applicable law or the Certificate of Incorporation, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required for the stockholders to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the By-Laws . 
 
 
 
 25 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Section 9.16    Director Nomination Agreements.  For so long as the Director Nomination Agreements shall remain in effect, the provisions of the Director Nomination Agreements shall be incorporated by reference into the relevant provisions hereof, and such provisions shall be interpreted and applied in a manner consistent with the terms of the Director Nomination Agreements. 
 
 Section 9.17    Certain Definitions. For purposes of these By-Laws: 
 
 (a)    " Derivative Instrument" shall mean any option, warrant, convertible security, stock appreciation right, swap or similar right with an exercise or conversion privilege or a settlement payment or mechanism at a price related to any class or series of shares of the Corporation or with a value derived in whole or in part from the value of any class or series of shares of the Corporation, whether or not such instrument or right is subject to settlement in the underlying class or series of shares of the Corporation or otherwise. 
 
 (b)    " Derivative Position" shall mean (i) any Derivative Instrument directly or indirectly owned beneficially by a stockholder or by any Stockholder Associated Person and any other direct or indirect opportunity of a stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person to profit or share in any profit derived from any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation, (ii) any short interest in any security of the Corporation held by a stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person (for purposes of   Section 2.7   and   Section 3.2  a person shall be deemed to have a short interest in a security if such person directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has the opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any decrease in the value of the subject security), (iii) any rights beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by a stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person to dividends on the shares of the Corporation that are separated or separable from the underlying shares of the Corporation, (iv) any proportionate interest in shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments held, directly or indirectly, by a general or limited partnership in which a stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person is a general partner or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an interest in a general partner or (v) any performance-related fees (other than an asset-based fee) that a stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person is entitled to based on any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments, if any, including without limitation any such interests held by members of a stockholder's or any Stockholder Associated Person's immediate family sharing the same househo ld. 
 
 (c)     " electronic transmission" means any form of communication, not directly involving the physical transmission of paper, that creates a record that may be retained, retrieved and reviewed by a recipient thereof, and that may be directly reproduced in paper form by such a recipient through an automated process, including but not limited to transmission by facsimile transmission, email,  telex, telegram and cablegram. 
 
 (d)    " public announcement" shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Sections 13, 14 or 15(d) (or any successor provisions thereof) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 (e)    " Stockholder Associated Person" shall mean for any stockholder that is a beneficial owner of shares of stock of the Corporation (i) any person controlling, directly or indirectly, or acting as a group (within the meaning of Rule 13-d under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) with respect to the shares of stock of the Corporation with, such stockholder and (ii) any beneficial  owner of shares of stock of the Corporation owned of record or beneficially by such stockholder. 
 
 
 
 26 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (f)    " Whole Board " shall mean the total number of directors the Corporation would have if there were no vacancies. 
 
 
 
 27 
 
