 htm 60526 Articles of incorporation 3 2017-04-07T05:30:35.472799-05:00 Filing 0001144204-17-019485 2017-04-07 10-K Annual  & Quarterly Reports 0001682220 Sachem Capital Corp. 6798 Real Estate Investment Trusts CONNECTICUT NEW YORK NEW YORK false Small Reporting Company 001-37997 EXHIBIT 3.2 Exhibit Exhibit 2 v463626_ex3-2.htm EX-3.2 2 v463626_ex3-2.htm EXHIBIT 3.2 
 
 Exhibit 3.2 
   
   
 B Y L A W S 
   
 of 
   
 Sachem Capital Corp. 
   
 ARTICLE I 
   
 OFFICES 
   
 Section 1.  Principal  Office - The principal office of the Corporation shall be as set forth in its Certificate of Incorporation. 
   
 Section 2.  Additional Offices - The Corporation may have such additional offices at such other place within or without the State of New York as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or as the  business of the Corporation may require. 
   
 ARTICLE II 
   
 SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING 
   
 Section 1.  Annual Meeting - An annual meeting of shareholders shall be held annually on such day during the period from May 1 through October 31, other than a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday in the state of New York, at the time and place (either within or without the State of New York) as shall be fixed by the Board of Directors and specified in the notice of meeting for the purpose of electing directors and transacting such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting. 
   
 Section 2.  Special Meeting - A special meeting of shareholders may be called at any time by the President and shall be called by the President at the request in writing of a majority of the Board of Directors then in office or at the request in writing filed with the Secretary by the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting. Any such request shall state the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting. Special meetings shall be held at such time and place (either within or without the State of New York) as shall be specified in the notice thereof. Business transacted at any special meeting of shareholders shall be confined to the purposes set forth  in the notice thereof. 
   
 Section 3.  Notice of Meetings - Written notice of the time, and place and purpose of every meeting of shareholders (and, if other than an annual meeting, indicating the person or persons at whose discretion the meeting is being convoked), shall be given by the President, a Vice-President or by the Secretary to each shareholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting and to each shareholder who, by reason of any action proposed at such meeting, would be entitled to have his stock appraised if such action were taken, not less than ten nor more than fifty days prior to the date set for the meeting, either personally or by mailing said notice by first class mail to each shareholder at his address appearing on the stock book of the Corporation or at such other address supplied by him in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation for the purpose of receiving notice. Notice by mail shall be deemed to be given when deposited, postage prepaid, in a post office or official depository under the exclusive care and custody of the United States Post Office Department. The record date for determining the shareholders entitled to such notice shall be determined by the Board of Directors in accordance with Section 6 of ARTICLE VI of these Bylaws. 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
If the directors shall adopt, amend or repeal a by-law regulating an impending election of directors, the notice of the next meeting of shareholders for the election of directors shall set forth the by-law so adopted, amended or repealed together with a concise statement of the changes made as required by Section 601(b) of the Business Corporation Law. If any action is proposed to be taken which would, if taken, entitle shareholders to receive payment for their shares, the notice of meeting shall include a statement to such effect. 
   
A written waiver of notice setting forth the purposes of the meeting for which notice is waived, signed by the person or persons entitled to such notice, whether before or after the time of the meeting stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to the giving of such notice. The attendance by a shareholder at a meeting either in person or by proxy without pro testing the lack of notice thereof shall constitute a waiver of notice of such shareholder. 
   
All notice given with respect to an original meeting shall extend to any and all adjournments thereof and such business as might have been transacted at the original meeting may be transacted at any adjournment thereof; no notice of any adjourned meeting need be given if an announcement of the time and place of the adjourned meeting is made at the original m eeting. 
   
 Section 4.  Quorum - The holders of a majority of the shares of stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall be requisite and shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of shareholders for the transaction of business except as otherwise provided by statute or the Certificate of Incorporation. If, however, a quorum shall not be present or represented at any meeting of shareholders, the shareholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present or represented. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be present or represented, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally notified. When a quorum is once present to organize a  meeting, such quorum is not deemed broken by the subsequent withdrawal of any shareholders. 
   
 Section 5.  Voting - Every shareholder entitled to vote at any meeting shall be entitled to one vote for each share of stock entitled to vote and held by him of record on the date fixed as the record date for said meeting and may so vote in person or by proxy. At all elections of directors when a quorum is present, a plurality of the votes cast by the holders of shares entitled to vote shall elect and any other corporate action, when a quorum is present, shall be authorized by a majority of the votes cast by the holders of shares entitled to vote there on except as may otherwise be provided by statute or the Certificate of Incorporation. 
   
 Section 6.  Proxies - Every proxy must be signed by the shareholder entitled to vote or by his duly authorized attorney-in-fact and shall be valid only if filed with the Secretary of the Corporation or with the Secretary of the meeting prior to the commencement of voting on the matter in regard to which said proxy is to be voted. No proxy shall be valid after the expiration of eleven months from the date of its execution unless otherwise expressly provided in the proxy. Every proxy shall be revocable at the pleasure of the person executing it except as otherwise provided by Section 609 of the Business Corporation Law. Unless the proxy by its terms provides for a specific revocation date and except as otherwise provided by statute, revocation of a proxy shall not be effective unless and until such revocation is executed in writing by the shareholder who executed such proxy and the revocation is filed with the Secretary of the Corporation or with the Secretary of the Meeting prior to the voting of the proxy. 
   
 
 
 
 2 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 Section 7.  Shareholders' List - A list of shareholders as of the record date, certified by the Secretary of the Corporation or by a transfer agent appointed by the Board of Directors shall be prepared for every meeting of shareholders and shall be produced by the Secretary or some other officer of the Corporation thereat. 
   
 Section 8.  Inspectors at Meetings - In advance of any shareholders' meeting, the Board of Directors may appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting or at any adjournment thereof and if not so appointed the person presiding at any such meeting may, and at the request of any shareholder entitled to vote thereat shall, appoint one or more inspectors. Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of his duties as set forth in Section 611 of the Business Corporation Law, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector at such meetin g with strict impartiality and according to the best of his ability. 
   
 Section 9.  Conduct of Meeting - All meetings of shareholders shall be presided over by the President, or if he is not present, by a Vice-President, or if neither the President nor any Vice-President is present, by a chairman thereby chosen by the shareholders at the meeting. The Secretary of the Corporation, or in his absence, an Assistant Secretary, shall act as secretary of every meeting but if neither the Secretary nor the Assistant Secretary is present, the chairman of the meeting shall appoint any person present to act as secretary of the meeting. 
   
 ARTICLE III 
   
 BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
   
 Section 1.  Function and Definition - The business and property of the Corporation shall be managed by its Board of Directors who may exercise all the powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws directed or required to be exercised or done by the shareholders. 
   
 Section 2.  Number and Qualification - The number of directors constituting the entire Board shall be not less than one nor more than five, as may be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors or by the shareholders entitled to vote for the election of directors, provided that any such action of the Board shall require the vote of a majority of the entire Board. The phrase "entire Board" as used herein means the total number of directors which the Corporation would have if there were no vacancies. Unless and until a different number shall be so fixed within the limits above specified, the Board shall consist of two directors. The term of any incumbent director shall not be shortened by any such action by the Board of Directors or by the shareh olders. 
   
Each director shall be at least twenty-one years of age. A director need not be a shareholder, a citizen of the United States or a resident of the State of New York. 
   
 Section 3.  Election Term and Vacancies - Except as otherwise provided in this Section, all directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of shareholders and all directors who are so elected or who are elected in the interim to fill vacancies and newly created directorships, shall hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until their respective successors have been elected  and qualified. 
   
 
 
 
 3 
 
 
   
 
 
   
In the interim between annual meetings of shareholders, newly-created directorships resulting from an increase in the number of directors or from vacancies occurring in the Board, but not, except as hereinafter provided, in the case of a vacancy occurring by reason of removal of a director by the shareholders, may be filled by the vote of a majority of the d irectors, then remaining in office, although less than a quorum may exist. 
   
In the case of a vacancy occurring in the Board of Directors by reason of the removal of one or more directors by action of the shareholders, such vacancy may be filled by the shar eholders at a special meeting duly called for such purpose. 
   
In the event a vacancy is not filled by such election by shareholders, whether or not the vacancy resulted from the removal of a director with or without cause, a majority of the d irectors then remaining in office, although less than a quorum, may fill any such vacancy. 
   
 Section 4.  Removal  - The Board of Directors may, at any time, with cause, remove any director. 
   
The shareholders entitled to vote for the election of directors may, at any time, remove any or all of the directors with cause. 
   
 Section 5.  Meetings - The annual meeting of the Board of Directors for the election of officers and the transaction of such other business as may come before the meeting, shall be held, without notice, immediately following the annual meeting of shareholders, at the same place at which such shareholders' meeting is held. 
   
Regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at such time and place, within or outside the State of New York, as may be fixed by resolution of the Board, and when so fixed, no further notice thereof need be given. Regular meetings not fixed by resolution of the Board may be held on notice at such time and place as shall be determined by the Board . 
   
Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called on notice at any time by the President, and shall be called by the President at the written request of a majority of the di rectors then in office. 
   
 Section 6.  Notice of Meetings - No notice shall be required for regular meetings for which the time and place have been fixed. Written, oral, or any other mode of notice of the time and place shall be given for special meetings in sufficient time for the convenient assembly of the directors thereat. Notice need not be given to any director or to any member of a committee of directors who submits a written waiver of notice signed by him before or after the time stated therein. Attendance of any such person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when he attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the directors need be specified in any written waiver of noti ce. 
   
 Section 7.  Conduct of Meetings - The President, if present, shall preside at all meetings of directors. At all meetings at which the President is not present any other director chosen by the Board shall preside . 
   
 
 
 
 4 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 Section 8.  Quorum, Adjournment, Voting - Except as otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation, a majority of the entire Board shall be requisite and shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the Board of Directors for the transaction of business. Where a vacancy or vacancies prevents such majority, a majority of the directors then in office shall constitute a quorum. 
   
A majority of the directors present at any meeting, whether or not a quorum is present, may adjourn the meeting to another time and place without further notice other than an annou ncement at the meeting. 
   
Except as otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation, when a quorum is present at any meeting, a majority of the directors present shall decide any questions brought be fore such meeting and the act of such majority shall be the act of the Board. 
   
 Section 9.  Action Without Meeting - Any action required or permitted to be taken by the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board of Directors or of  any committee thereof consent in writing to the adoption of a resolution authorizing the action. 
   
Any one or more members of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may participate in a meeting of said Board or of any such committee by means of a conference telephone or similar communications equipment allowing all persons participating in the meeting to hear each other at the same time, and participation by such means shall constitute presenc e in person at the meeting. 
   
 Section 10.  Compensation of Directors - Directors, as such, shall not receive any stated salary for their services, but, by resolution of the Board, a fixed sum and expenses of attendance, if any, may be allowed for attendance at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any director from serving the Corporation in  any other capacity and receiving reasonable compensation therefor. 
   
 Section 11.  Committees - The Board of Directors, by resolution of a majority of the directors present at a meeting or of all of the directors if acting by written consent, may designate from among its members one or more committees, each consisting of one or more directors, and each of which, to the extent provided in such resolution, shall have all the authority of the Board exc ept that no such committee shall have authority as to any of the following matters: 
   
(a)       the submission to stockholders of any action as to which stockholders' authorization or approval is required by statute, the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Byla ws; 
   
 (b)       the filing of vacancies in the Board of Directors or in any committee thereof; 
   
(c)       the fixing of compensation of the directors for serving on the Board or on any committee thereof; 
   
 
 
 
 5 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 (d)       the amendment or repeal of these Bylaws or the adoption of new Bylaws; and 
   
(e)       the amendment or repeal of any resolution of the Board of Directors which by its terms shall not be so amendable or repealable. 
   
The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any such committee who may replace any absent member or members at any meeting of such committee. 
   
Each such committee shall serve at the pleasure of the Board. The Board of Directors shall have the power at any time to fill vacancies in, to change the membership of, or to discharge any such committee. Committees shall keep minutes of their proceedings and shall report the same to the Board of Directors at the meeting of the Board next succeeding, and any action by the committee shall be subject to revision and alteration by the Board of Directors, provided that no rights of a third party shall be affected in any such revision or a lteration. 
   
 ARTICLE IV 
   
 OFFICES 
   
 Section 1.  Executive Officers - The Officers of the Corporation shall be a President, one or more Vice-Presidents, a Treasurer and a Secretary and such Assistant Treasurers and Assistant Secretaries and other officers as the Board of Directors may determine. Any two or more offices may be held by the same person, except the offices of President and Secretary, unless all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation are owned by one person, in which event such person may hold all or any combination of offices. 
   
 Section 2.  Election - The President, one or more Vice-Presidents, the Treasurer and Secretary shall be elected by the Board of Directors to hold office until the meeting of the Board held immediately following the next annual meeting of shareholders and shall hold office for the term for which elected and until their successors have been elected and qualified. The Board of Directors may from time to time appoint all such other officers as it may determine and such officers shall hold office from the time of their appointment and qualifications until the time at which their successors are appointed and qualified. A vacancy in any office arising from any cause may be filled for the unexpired portion of the term by the Board of Dire ctors. 
   
 Section 3.  Removal  - Any officer may be removed from office by the Board at any time with or without cause. 
   
 Section 4.  Delegation of Powers - The Board of Directors may from time to time delegate the power or duties of any officer of the Corporation, in the event of his absence or failure to act otherwise, to any othe r officer or director or person whom they may select. 
   
 
 
 
 6 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 Section 5.  Compensation - The compensation of each officer shall be such as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. 
   
 Section 6.  Chief Executive Officer - The Board of Directors shall designate the President as the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation who shall have general charge of the business and affairs of the Corporation, subject, however, to the right of the Board of Directors to confer specified powers on officers and subject generally to the direction of the Board. 
   
Unless otherwise ordered by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, or in the event of his inability to act, any other officer designated by the Board, shall have full power and authority on behalf of the Corporation to attend and to act and to vote at any meetings of security holders of corporations in which the Corporation may hold securities, and at such meetings shall possess and may exercise any and all rights and powers incident to the ownership of such securities, and which, as the owner thereof, the Corporation might have possessed and exercised, if present. The Board of Directors by resolution from time to time may confer like powers upon any other person or persons. 
   
 Section 7.  President - The President, if not designated as Chief Executive Officer, shall have such duties and responsibilities as the Board may prescribe. 
   
 Section 8.  Vice-President - The Vice-President shall have such powers and perform such duties as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe. In the absence or inability of the Chief Executive Officer to perform his duties or exercise his powers, the Vice-President or, if there be more than one, a Vice-President designated by the Board, shall exercise the powers and perfo rm the duties of the President subject to the direction of the Board of Directors. 
   
 Section 9.  Secretary - The Secretary shall keep the minutes of all meetings and record all votes of shareholders, the Board of Directors and committees in a book to be kept for that purpose. He shall give or cause to be given any required notice of meetings of shareholders, the Board of Directors or any committee, and shall be responsible for preparing or obtaining from a transfer agent appointed by the Board, the list of shareholders required by Article II, Section 7 thereof. He shall be the custodian of the seal of the Corporation and shall affix or cause to be affixed the seal to any instrument requiring it and attest the same and exercise the powers and perform the duties incident to the office of Secretary subject to the dire ction of the Board of Directors. 
   
 Section 10.  Chief Financial Officer - Subject to the direction of the Board of Directors, the Chief Financial Officer shall have charge of the general supervision of the funds and securities of the Corporation and the books of account of the Corporation and shall exercise the powers and perform the duties incident to the office of the Chief Financial Officer, subject generally to the direction of the Board. If required by the Board, he shall give to the Corporation a bond in such sum and with such sureties as may be satisfactory to the Board for the faithful discharge  of his duties. 
   
 Section 11.  Treasurer  - The Treasurer shall have such duties and responsibilities as the Board may prescribe. 
   
 Section 12.  Other Officers - All other officers, if any, shall have such authority and shall perform such duties as may be specified from time to time by the Board of Directors. 
   
 
 
 
 7 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 ARTICLE V 
   
 RESIGNATIONS 
   
Any director or officer of the Corporation or any member of any committee of the Board of Directors of the Corporation may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Board of Directors, the President or the Secretary. Any such resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein or, if the time is not specified therein, upon the receipt thereo f, irrespective of whether any such resignation shall have been accepted. 
   
 ARTICLE VI 
   
 CERTIFICATES REPRESENTING SHARES 
   
 Section 1.  Certificates - The shares of stock of the Corporation may be issued in book-entry form or evidenced by a certificate or certificates in such form as prescribed by the Business Corporation Law and by any other applicable statutes, which Certificate shall represent and certify the number, kind and class of shares owned by him in the Corporation. The Certificates shall be numbered and registered in the order in which they are issued and upon issuance the name in which each Certificate has been issued together with the number of shares represented thereby and the date of issuance shall be entered in the stock book of the Corporation by the Secretary or by the transfer agent of the Corporation. Each certificate shall be signed by the President or a Vice-President and countersigned by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary and shall be sealed with the Corporate Seal or a facsimile thereof. The signature of the officers upon a certificate may also be facsimiles if the certificate is countersigned by a transfer agent or registered by a registrar other than the Corporation itself or an employee of the Corporation. In case any officer who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer before the certificate is issued, such certificate may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if the officer had not ceased to be such at the time of its issue. 
   
 Section 2.  Consideration - A certificate or a book-entry receipt representing shares shall not be issued, until the full amount of consideration therefor has been paid to the Corporation, except if otherw ise permitted by Section 504 of the Business Corporation Law. 
   
 Section 3.  Lost Certificates - The Board of Directors may direct a new certificate or certificates to be issued in place of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the Corporation, alleged to have been lost, mutilated, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person so claiming and upon delivery to the Corporation, if the Board of Directors shall so require, of a bond in such form and with such surety or sureties as the Board may direct, sufficient in amount to indemnify the Corporation and its transfer agent against any claim which may be made against it or them on account of the alleged loss, destruction, theft or mutilation of any such certificate or the issuance of any such new certificate . 
   
 Section 4.  Fractional Share Interests - The Corporation may issue certificates for fractions of a share where necessary to effect transactions authorized by the Business Corporation Law; or it may pay in cash the fair market value of fractions of a share as of the time when those entitled to receive such fractions are determined; or it may issue scrip in registered or bearer form over the manual or facsimile signature of an officer of the Corporation or of its agent, exchangeable as therein provided for full shares, but such scrip shall not entitle the holder to any righ ts of a shareholder except as therein provided. 
   
 
 
 8 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 Section 5.  Share Transfers - Except as otherwise established by rules and regulations adopted by the Board of Directors, and subject to applicable law, shares of stock may be transferred on the books of the Corporation: (i) in the case of shares represented by a certificate, by the surrender to the Corporation or its transfer agent of the certificate representing such shares properly endorsed or accompanied by a written assignment or power of attorney properly executed, and with such proof of authority or authenticity of signature as the Corporation or its transfer agent may reasonably require; and (ii) in the case of book-entry (uncertificated) shares, upon the receipt of proper transfer instructions from the registered owner thereof.  Except as may be otherwise required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the Corporation shall be entitled to treat the record holder of stock as shown on its books as the owner of such stock for all purposes, including the payment of dividends and the right to vote with respect to such stock, regardless of any transfer, pledge or other disposition of such stock until the shares have been transferred on the books of the Corporation in accordance with the requirements of these Bylaws. 
   
 Section 6.  Record Date for Shareholders - For the purpose of determining the shareholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of shareholders or any adjournment thereof or to express consent or dissent from any proposal without a meeting, or for the purpose of determining the shareholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or the allotment of any rights, or for the purpose of any other action, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a date as the record date for any such determination of shareholders. Such date shall not be more than fifty nor less than ten days before the date of any meeting nor more than fifty days prior to any action taken without a meeting, the payment of any dividend or the allotment of any rights, or any other action. When a determination of shareholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of shareholders has been made as provided in this Section, such determination shall apply to any adjournment thereof, unless the Board fixes a new record date under this Section for the adjourned meeting. 
   
 Section 7.  Shareholders of Record - The Corporation shall be entitled to treat the holder of record of any share or shares of stock as the holder in fact thereof and, accordingly, shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share on the part of any other person whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided  by the laws of the State of New York. 
    
 ARTICLE VII 
   
 STATUTORY NOTICES 
   
The Board of Directors may appoint the Treasurer or any other officer of the Corporation to cause to be prepared and furnished to shareholders entitled thereto any special financial notice and/or statement which may be required by Sections 510, 511, 515, 516, 517, 519 and 520 of the Business Corporation Law or by any other applicable statute. 
   
 ARTICLE VIII 
   
 FISCAL YEAR 
   
The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed, and shall be subject to change from time to time, by the Board of Directors. 
   
 
 
 
 9 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 ARTICLE IX 
   
 CORPORATE SEAL 
   
The Corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the name of the Corporation, the year of its incorporation and the words "Corporate Seal" and "New York" and shall be in such form and contain such other words and/or figures as the Board of Directors shall determine. The Corporate seal may be used by printing, engraving, lithographing, stamping or otherwise making, placing or affixing, or causing to be printed, engraved, lithographed, stamped or otherwise made, placed or affixed, upon any paper or document, by any process whatsoever, an  impression, facsimile or other reproduction of said Corporate seal. 
   
 ARTICLE X 
   
 BOOKS AND RECORDS 
   
There shall be maintained at the principal office of the Corporation books of account of all the Corporation's business and transactions. 
   
There shall be maintained at the principal office of the corporation or at the office of the Corporation's transfer agent a record containing the names and addresses of all shareholders, the number and class of shares held by such and the dates when they respectively became the owners of record thereof. 
   
 ARTICLE XI 
   
 INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, 
 EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS 
   
Any person made or threatened to be made a party to an action or proceeding, whether civil or criminal, by reason of the fact that he, his testator or intestate, then is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or then serves or has served any other corporation in any capacity at the request of the Corporation, shall be indemnified by the Corporation against reasonable expenses, judgments, fines and amounts actually and necessarily incurred in connection with the defense of such action or proceeding or in connection with an appeal therein, to the fullest extent permissible by the laws of the State of New York. Such right of indemnification shall not be deemed exclusive of any other righ ts to which such person may be entitled. 
   
 ARTICLE XII 
   
 AMENDMENTS 
   
The shareholders entitled at the time to vote in the election of directors and the Board of Directors by vote of a majority of the entire Board, shall have the power to amend or repeal these By-Laws and to adopt new By-Laws, provided, however, that any by-law adopted, amended or repealed by the Board of Directors may be amended or repealed by the shareholder s entitled to vote thereon as herein provided. 
   
   
 EFFECTIVE: January 25, 2016, as amended on January 27, 2017 
   
 
 
 
 10 
 
 
   
