 htm 17521 Articles of incorporation 3 2017-03-31T15:33:17.753029-05:00 Filing 0001193125-17-106543 2017-03-31 10-K Annual  & Quarterly Reports 0000315545 PROVECTUS BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC. PVCT PVCT. WT NYSE MKT 2834 Pharmaceutical Preparations No TENNESSEE DELAWARE DELAWARE PROVECTUS PHARMACEUTICALS INC;ZAMAGE DIGITAL IMAGING INC;SPM GROUP INC false Accelerated Filer 001-36457 EX-3.1 Exhibit Exhibit 2 d289943dex31.htm EX-3.1 2 d289943dex31.htm EX-3.1 
 Exhibit 3.1 
 STATE  of  DELAWARE 
 CERTIFICATE  of  INCORPORATION 
 A  STOCK CORPORATION 
 (As amended through November 28, 2016) 
 ARTICLE I 
 NAME 
 The name of the Corporation is Provectus Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 ARTICLE II 
 REGISTERED AGENT 
Its registered office in the State of Delaware is to be located at 160 Greentree Drive, Suite 101, in the City of Dover, County of Kent, Zip Code 19904. 
The registered agent of this Corporation in the State of Delaware at such address is National Registered Agents, Inc. 
 ARTICLE III 
 PURPOSE 
The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a corporation may be organized under the Delaware General Corporation Law (" DGCL "). 
 ARTICLE IV 
 CAPITALIZATION 
The total number of shares which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 1,025,000,000 shares of capital stock, of which 1,000,000,000 shares shall be designated Common St ock, $0.001 par value per share (" Common Stock "), and 25,000,000 shall be designated Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share (" Preferred Stock "). 
 1.  Common Stock. All preferences, voting powers, relative, participating, optional or other special rights and privileges, and qualifications, limitations, or restrictions of the Common Stock are expressly made subject and subordinate to those that may be fixed with respect to any shares of the Preferred Stock. Except as otherwise required by law or this Certificate of Incorporation, each share of Common Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to one (1) vote, in person or by proxy, on each matter submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corporation. Subject to the preferential rights of the Preferred Stock, the holders of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive, when and if declared by the Board of Directors, out of the assets of the Corporation which are by law available therefor, dividends payable either in cash, in property or in shares of capital stock. In the event of any dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, after distribution in full of the preferential amounts, if any, to be distributed to the holders of shares of the Preferred Stock, holders of Common Stock shall be entitled, unless otherwise provided by law or this Certificate of Incorporation, to receive all of the remaining assets of the Corporation of whatever kind available for distribution to stockholders ratably in proportion to the number of shares of Common Stock held by them respectively. 
 2.  Preferred Stock. The Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series, as determined by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the "Board of Directors"). The Board of Dir ectors is 
 
 
expressly authorized to provide for the issue, in one or more series, of all or any of the remaining shares of Preferred Stock and, in the resolution or resolutions providing for such issue, to establish for each such series the number of its shares, the voting powers, full or limited, of the shares of such series, or that such shares shall have no voting powers, and the designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of the shares of such series, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof. The Board of Directors is further expressly authorized to increase or decrease (but not below the number of shares of any such series then outstanding) the number of shares of any series, the number of which was fixed by it, subsequent to the issuance of shares of such series then outstanding, subject to the powers, preferences and rights, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof stated in the Certificate of Incorporation or the resolution of the Board of Directors originally fixing the number of shares of such series. If the number of shares of any series is so decreased, then the shares constituting such decrease shall resume the status which they had prior to the adoption of  the resolution originally fixing the number of shares of such series. 
 ARTICLE V 
 EXCULPATION AND INDEMNIFICATION 
 A.  Limitation of Liability. A director of the Corporation shall not be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the DGCL as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended. Any amendment, modification or repeal of the foregoing sentence shall not adversely affect any right arising prior to the time of such amendment, modification or repeal. 
 B.  Right of Indemnification. The Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended, any person (a "Covered Person") who was or is made or is threatened to be made a party or is otherwise involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a "Proceeding"), by reason of the fact that he or she, or a person for whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or, while a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise or nonprofit entity, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, against all liability and loss suffered and expenses (including attorneys' fees) reasonably incurred by such Covered Person. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, except as otherwise provided in section D of this Article V, the Corporation shall not be required to indemnify a Covered Person in connection with a Proceeding (or part thereof) commenced by such Covered Person unless the commencement of such Proceeding (or part thereof) by the Covered Person was authorized in the specific case by the Board of Directors. 
 C.  Prepayment of Expenses. The Corporation shall to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law pay the expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by a Covered Person in defending any Proceeding in advance of its final disposition, provided, however, that, to the extent required by law, such payment of expenses in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking by the Covered Person to repay all amounts advanced if it should be ultimately determined that the Covered Person is not entitled to be i ndemnified under this Article V or otherwise. 
 D.  Claims. If a claim for indemnification (following the final disposition of the Proceeding with respect to which indemnification is sought, including any settlement of such Proceeding) or advancement of expenses under this Article V is not paid in full within thirty days after a written claim therefor by the Covered Person has been received by the Corporation, the Covered Person may file suit to recover the unpaid amount of such claim and, if successful in whole or in part, shall be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such claim to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. In any such action the Corporation shall have the burden of proving that the Covered Person is not entitled to the requested indem nification or advancement of expenses under this Article V and applicable law. 
 E.  Non-Exclusivity of Rights. The rights conferred on any Covered Person by this Article V shall not be exclusive of any other rights which such Covered Person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, any other provision of this Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws of the Corporation, or any agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise. 
 
 
 F.  Insurance. The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise or nonprofit entity, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such person's status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under this Article V, the DGCL or otherwise. 
 G.  Amendment or Repeal. Any right to indemnification or to advancement of expenses of any Covered Person arising hereunder shall not be eliminated or impaired by an amendment to or repeal of this Article V after the occurrence of the act or omission that is the subject of the civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding for which indemnification or  advancement of expenses is sought. 
 H.  Other Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses. This Article V shall not limit the right of the Corporation, to the extent and in the manner permitted by law, to indemnify and to advance expenses to persons other than Covered  Persons when and as authorized by appropriate corporate action. 
 ARTICLE VI 
 MANAGEMENT 
For the management of the business and for the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation, and in further definition, limitation and regulation of the powers of the Corporation, of its directors and of its stockholders or any class thereof, as the case may be, it is further provided that: 
 A. The management of the business and the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation is vested in its Board. The Board shall fix the number of directors that constitute the whole Board in the manner provided in the Bylaws, subject to any restrictions that may be set forth in this Certificate of Incorporation. 
 B. The Board of Directors is expressly empowered to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the Corporation. Any adoption, amendment or repeal of the Bylaws of the Corporation by the Board of Directors shall require the approval of a majority of the directors then in office. The stockholders shall also have power to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the Corporation; provided, however, that, in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of the Corporation required by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66-2/3%) of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required to adopt, amend or repeal any provision of the Bylaws of the Co rporation. 
 ARTICLE VII 
 STOCKHOLDER MEETINGS 
Meetings of stockholders may be held within or without the State of Delaware, as the Bylaws of the Corporation may provide; provided, however, that any action required to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, or any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of such stockholders, may not be taken withou t a meeting. No action shall be taken by the stockholders by written consent. 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 INCORPORATOR 
 The name and mailing address of the incorporator is as follows: 
 Lori B. Metrock 
 Baker, Donelson, Bearman, Caldwell  & Berkowitz, PC 
 Baker Donelson Center, Suite 800 
 211 Commerce Street 
 Nashville, TN 37201 
