 htm 53795 Articles of incorporation 3 2017-03-02T16:30:50.425548-06:00 Filing 0001172139-17-000041 2017-03-02 10-K Annual  & Quarterly Reports 0001172139 BILL BARRETT CORP BBG COM NYSE 1311 Crude Petroleum  & Natural Gas No COLORADO DELAWARE DELAWARE false Accelerated Filer 001-32367 EXHIBIT 3.1 Exhibit Exhibit 2 bbg-12312016xex31.htm EX-3.1 2 bbg-12312016xex31.htm EXHIBIT 3.1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 3.1 
 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 
   
 OF 
 
 BILL BARRETT CORPORATION 
 
Bill Barrett Corporation (the "Corporation"), a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the Delaware General Corporation Law, hereby certifies as follows: 
 
1. The original Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on April 29, 2002 under the name Bill Barret t Corporation. 
 
2. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation restates, integrates and further amends the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation. 
 
3. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Section 242 and 245 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. 
 
4. The Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation is hereby restated, integrated and further amended to read in its entirety as follows: 
 
FIRST: The name of the corporation is Bill Barrett Corporation (hereinafter referred to as the "Corporation"). 
 
SECOND: The address of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is 2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle. The n ame of the registered agent of the Corporation at that address is Corporation Service Company. 
 
THIRD: The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a corporation may be organized under the Delaware General Corporation Law. 
 
FOURTH: A. The total number of shares of all classes of stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 225,000,000, consisting of 150,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $.001 per share (the "Common Stock"), and 75,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value $.001 per share (the "Preferred Stock"). 
 
B. The Board of Directors is authorized, subject to any limitations prescribed by law, to provide for the issuance of shares of Preferred Stock in series, and by filing a certificate pursuant to the applicable law of the State of Delaware (such certificate being hereinafter referred to as a "Preferred Stock Designation"), to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series, and to fix the designation, powers, preferences, and rights of the shares of each such series and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof. The number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the Common Stock, without a vote of the holders of the Preferred Stock, or of any series thereof, unless a vote of any such holders is required pursuant to the terms of any Preferred Stock Designation. Pursuant to the authority conferred by this Article Fourth, the following series of Preferred Stock have been designated, each such series consisting of such number of shares, with such voting powers and with such designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions therefor as are stated and expressed in Exhibit A attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference: 
 
 Exhibit A:    Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock 
 
 
 
 
 
 
C. Each outstanding share of Common Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to one vote on each matter properly submitted to the stockholders of the Corporation for their vote; provided, however, that, except as otherwise required by law, holders of Common Stock shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment to this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including any Certificate of Designations relating to any series of Preferred Stock) that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together as a class with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including any Certificate of Designations relating to any series of Preferred Stock) or otherwise. 
 
FIFTH: The following provisions are inserted for the management of the business and the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation, and for further definition, limitation and regula tion of the powers of the Corporation and of its directors and stockholders: 
 
A. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors. In addition to the powers and authority expressly conferred upon them by statute or by this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the bylaws of the Corporation, the directors are hereby empowered to exercise all such powers and  do all such acts and things as may be exercised or done by the Corporation. 
 
B. The directors of the Corporation need not be elected by written ballot unless the bylaws so provide. 
   
C. Any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporatio n and may not be effected by any consent in writing by such stockholders. 
 
D. Special meetings of stockholders of the Corporation may be called only by the Board of Directors acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board. For purposes of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the term "Whole Board" shall mean the total number of authorized directors whether or not there exist any vacancie s in previously authorized directorships. 
 
SIXTH: A. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect additional directors, the number of directors shall be fixed from time to time exclusively by the Board of Directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board. At each annual meeting of stockholders commencing with the 2013 annual meeting of stockholders, the directors whose terms shall then expire, other than those who may be elected by the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, shall be elected for a one year term expiring at the next succeeding annual meeting of stockholders. Directors (or such directors' successors) whose terms expire at the 2013 annual meeting of stockholders shall be elected to hold office for a one year term expiring at the 2014 annual meeting of stockholders; directors (or such directors' successors) whose terms expire at the 2014 annual meeting of stockholders shall be elected to hold office for a one year term expiring at the 2015 annual meeting of stockholders; and directors (or such directors' successors) whose terms expire at the 2015 annual meeting of stockholders shall be elected to hold office for a one year term expiring at the 2016 annual meeting of stockholders. A director shall hold office until his or her successor shall have been duly elected and qualified, subject to his or her prior death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal from office. If authorized by a resolution of the Board of Directors, directors may be elected to fill any vacancy on the Board of Directors, regardless of how such vacancy shall have been created. 
 
B. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock then outstanding, newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors or any vacancies in the Board of Directors resulting from death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal from office or other cause shall, unless otherwise required by law or by resolution of the Board of Directors, be filled only by a majority vote of the directors then in office, though less than a quorum (and not by stockholders). Directors so chosen shall serve for a term expiring at the next annual meeting of stockholders or until such director's successor shall have been duly elected and qualified. No decrease in  the authorized number of directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. 
 
 
 2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
C. At any meeting of the Board of Directors, a majority of the total number of the Whole Board shall constitute a quorum for all purposes. At any meeting of the Board of Directors, business shall be transacted in such order and manner as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine, and all matters shall be determined by the vote of a majority of the directors present, except as otherwise provided herein or required by law. Action may be taken by the Board of Directors without a meeting if all members thereof consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directo rs. 
 
D. Advance notice of stockholder nominations for the election of directors and of business to be brought by stockholders before any meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation shall be given in the manner provided in the bylaws of the Corporation. Except as provided in such advance notice provision, the Bylaws shall not contain any provision imposing dire ctor qualifications. 
 
E. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock then outstanding, any director, or the entire Board of Directors, may be removed from office at any time, with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class; provided, however, that no director serving the remaining portion of a multi-year term may  be removed during such multi-year term except for cause. 
 
SEVENTH: The Board of Directors is expressly empowered to adopt, amend or repeal the bylaws of the Corporation. Any adoption, amendment or repeal of the bylaws of the Corporation by the Board of Directors shall require the approval of a majority of the Whole Board. The stockholders shall also have power to adopt, amend or repeal the bylaws of the Corporation; provided, however, that, in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of the Corporation required by law or by this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required to adopt, amend or repeal any provision of the bylaws of the Corporation. 
 
EIGHTH: A director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability (i) for any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. If the Delaware General Corporation Law is amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as so amended. 
 
Any repeal or modification of the foregoing paragraph by the stockholders of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation exi sting at the time of such repeal or modification. 
 
NINTH: The Corporation reserves the right to amend or repeal any provision contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation in the manner prescribed by the laws of the State of Delaware and all rights conferred upon stockholders are granted subject to this reservation; provided, however, that, notwithstanding any other provision of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or any provision of law that might otherwise permit a lesser vote or no vote, but in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of the stock of this Corporation required by law or by this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required to amend or repeal this Article NINTH, Article FIFTH, Article SIXTH, Article SEVENTH, or Article EIGHTH. 
 
 
 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned hereby signs this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation on this 10th day of May, 2012. 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 BILL BARRETT CORPORATION 
 
   
 
   
 
 By: 
 
   
 
   
 
 Name: 
 
 Francis B. Barron 
 
   
 
 Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President- 
 General Counsel and Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EXHIBIT A 
 
 CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION 
 
 of 
 
 SERIES A JUNIOR PARTICIPATING PREFERRED STOCK 
 
 of 
 
 BILL BARRETT CORPORATION 
 
RESOLVED, that pursuant to the authority granted to and vested in the Board of Directors of this Corporation (hereinafter called the "Board of Directors" or the "Board") in accordance with the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (the "Certificate of Incorporation"), the Board of Directors hereby creates a series of Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the "Preferred Stock"), of the Corporation and hereby states the designation and number of shares, and fixes the relative rights, preferences, and l imitations thereof as follows: 
 
 Section 1.      Designation and Amount. The shares of this series shall be designated as "Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock" (the "Series A Junior Preferred Stock") and the number of shares constituting the Series A Junior Preferred Stock shall be 150,000. Such number of shares may be increased or decreased by resolution of the Board of Directors;   provided, that no decrease shall reduce the number of shares of Series A Junior Preferred Stock to a number less than the number of shares then outstanding plus the number of shares reserved for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding options, rights or warrants or upon the conversion of any outstanding securities issued by the Corporation convertible into Series  A Junior Preferred Stock. 
 
 Section 2.      Dividends and Distributions . 
 
 (A)     Subject to the rights of the holders of any shares of any series of Preferred Stock (or any other stock) ranking prior and superior to the Series A Junior Preferred Stock with respect to dividends, the holders of shares of Series A Junior Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available for the purpose, quarterly dividends payable in cash on the last day of March, June, September and December in each year (each such date being referred to herein as a "Quarterly Dividend Payment Date"), commencing on the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date after the first issuance of a share or fraction of a share of Series A Junior Preferred Stock, in an amount (if any) per share (rounded to the nearest cent), subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, equal to 1,000 times the aggregate per share amount of all cash dividends, and 1,000 times the aggregate per share amount (payable in kind) of all non-cash dividends or other distributions, other than a dividend payable in shares of Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the "Common Stock"), of the Corporation or a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise), declared on the Common Stock since the immediately preceding Quarterly Dividend Payment Date or, with respect to the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, since the first issuance of any share or fraction of a share of Series A Junior Preferred Stock. In the event the Corporation shall at any time declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, or effect a subdivision or combination or consolidation of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise than by payment of a dividend in shares of Common Stock) into a greater or lesser number of shares of Common Stock, then in each such case the amount to which holders of shares of Series A Junior Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior to such event under the preceding sentence shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such  event. 
 
 (B)     The Corporation shall declare a dividend or distribution on the Series A Junior Preferred Stock as provided in paragraph (A) of this Section immediately after it declares a dividen d or distribution on the Common Stock (other than a dividend payable in shares of Common Stock). 
 
 
 A-1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (C)     Dividends due pursuant to paragraph (A) of this Section shall begin to accrue and be cumulative on outstanding shares of Series A Junior Preferred Stock from the Quarterly Dividend Payment Date next preceding the date of issue of such shares, unless the date of issue of such shares is prior to the record date for the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in which case dividends on such shares shall begin to accrue from the date of issue of such shares, or unless the date of issue is a Quarterly Dividend Payment Date or is a date after the record date for the determination of holders of shares of Series A Junior Preferred Stock entitled to receive a quarterly dividend and before such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in either of which events such dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative from such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date. Accrued but unpaid dividends shall not bear interest. Dividends paid on the shares of Series A Junior Preferred Stock in an amount less than the total amount of such dividends at the time accrued and payable on such shares shall be allocated pro rata on a share-by-share basis among all such shares at the time outstanding. The Board of Directors may fix a record date for the determination of holders of shares of Series A Junior Preferred Stock entitled to receive payment of a dividend or distribution declared thereon, which record date shall be not more than 60 days prior to the date  fixed for the payment thereof. 
 
 Section 3.      Voting Rights . The holders of shares of Series A Junior Preferred Stock shall have the following voting rights: 
 
 (A)     Subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, each share of Series A Junior Preferred Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to 1,000 votes on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Corporation. In the event the Corporation shall at any time declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, or effect a subdivision or combination or consolidation of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise than by payment of a dividend in shares of Common Stock) into a greater or lesser number of shares of Common Stock, then in each such case the number of votes per share to which holders of shares of Series A Junior Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior to such event shall be adjusted by multiplying such number by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event. 
 
 (B)     Except as otherwise provided in the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, including any other Certificate of Designations creating a series of Preferred Stock or any similar stock, or by law, the holders of shares of Series A Junior Preferred Stock and the holders of shares of Common Stock and any other capital stock of the Corporation having general voting rights shall vote together as one class on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corporation. 
 
 (C)     Except as set forth herein, or as otherwise required by law, holders of Series A Junior Preferred Stock shall have no special voting rights and their consent shall not be required (except to the extent they are entitled to vote with holders of Common Stock as set forth herein) for taking any corporate action. 
 
 Section 4.      Certain Restrictions . 
 
 (A)     Whenever quarterly dividends or other dividends or distributions payable on the Series A Junior Preferred Stock as provided in Section 2 are in arrears, thereafter and until all accrued and unpaid dividends and distributions, whether or not declared, on shares of Series A Junior Preferred Stock outstanding shall have been paid in full, the Corporation shall  not: 
 
 (i)     declare or pay dividends, or make any other distributions, on any shares of stock ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to the Seri es A Junior Preferred Stock; 
 
 (ii)     declare or pay dividends, or make any other distributions, on any shares of stock ranking on a parity (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the Series A Junior Preferred Stock, except dividends paid ratably on the Series A Junior Preferred Stock and all such parity stock on 
 
 
 A-2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
which dividends are payable or in arrears in proportion to the total amounts to which the holders of all such shares are then entitled; or 
 
 (iii)     redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration shares of any stock ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to the Series A Junior Preferred Stock, provided that the Corporation may at any time redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire shares of any such junior stock in exchange for shares of any stock of the Corporation ranking junior (as to dividends and upon dissolution, liquidation or winding up) to the Series A Junior Preferred Stock. 
 
 (B)     The Corporation shall not permit any subsidiary of the Corporation to purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of stock of the Corporation unless the Corporation could, under paragraph (A) of this Section 4, purchase or otherwise acquire such shares at such time and in such manner. 
 
 Section 5.      Reacquired Shares. Any shares of Series A Junior Preferred Stock purchased or otherwise acquired by the Corporation in any manner whatsoever shall be retired and canceled promptly after the acquisition thereof. The Corporation shall take all such actions as are necessary to cause all such shares to become authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock that may be reissued as part of a new series of Preferred Stock subject to the conditions and restrictions on issuance set forth herein or in the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, including any Certificate of Designations creating a series of Preferred Stock or any similar stock, or as otherwise required by law. 
 
 Section 6.      Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up. Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation the holders of shares of Series A Junior Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive an aggregate amount per share, subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, equal to 1,000 times the aggregate amount to be distributed per share to holders of shares of Common Stock plus an amount equal to any accrued and unpaid dividends. In the event the Corporation shall at any time declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, or effect a subdivision or combination or consolidation of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise than by payment of a dividend in shares of Common Stock) into a greater or lesser number of shares of Common Stock, then in each such case the aggregate amount to which holders of shares of Series A Junior Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior to such event under the preceding sentence shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event. 
 
 Section 7.      Consolidation, Merger, Etc.  In case the Corporation shall enter into any consolidation, merger, combination or other transaction in which the shares of Common Stock are exchanged for or changed into other stock or securities, cash and/or any other property, then in any such case each share of Series A Junior Preferred Stock shall at the same time be similarly exchanged or changed into an amount per share, subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, equal to 1,000 times the aggregate amount of stock, securities, cash and/or any other property (payable in kind), as the case may be, into which or for which each share of Common Stock is changed or exchanged. In the event the Corporation shall at any time declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, or effect a subdivision or combination or consolidation of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise than by payment of a dividend in shares of Common Stock) into a greater or lesser number of shares of Common Stock, then in each such case the amount set forth in the preceding sentence with respect to the exchange or change of shares of Series A Junior Preferred Stock shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding  immediately prior to such event. 
 
 Section 8.      Amendment. The Restated Certificate of Incorporation shall not be amended in any manner, including in a merger or consolidation, which would alter, change, or repeal the powers, preferences or special rights of the Series A Junior Preferred Stock so as to affect them adversely without the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding share s of Series A Junior Preferred Stock, voting together as a single class. 
 
 
 A-3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Section 9.      Rank. The Series A Junior Preferred Stock shall rank, with respect to the payment of dividends and upon liquidation, dissolution and winding up, junior to all series of Preferred Stock . 
 
 
 
 A-4 
 
