 htm 137603 Articles of incorporation 3 2016-07-16T14:12:48.057507-05:00 Filing 0001437749-15-005661 2015-03-20 10-K Annual  & Quarterly Reports 0000704159 VBI VACCINES INC. VBIV COM 1-5 R/S Nasdaq Capital Market 2836 Biological Products, Except Diagnostic Substances No MASSACHUSETTS DELAWARE DELAWARE PAULSON CAPITAL (DELAWARE) CORP.;PAULSON CAPITAL CORP true Small Reporting Company 000-18188 EXHIBIT 3.2 Exhibit Exhibit 2 ex3-2.htm EX-3.2 2 ex3-2.htm EXHIBIT 3.2 
 Exhibit 3.2 
   
   
 AMENDED   AND   RESTATED   BYLAWS   
   
 OF 
   
 PAULSON   CAPITAL   (DELAWARE)   CORP. 
   
 (A Delaware corporation) 
   
 
   
 ARTICLE I 
 STOCKHOLDERS 
   
 1.1       CERTIFICATES   REPRESENTING   STOCK. 
   
   
 (a)      Execution   of   Certificate. Every holder of stock in the corporation shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by, or in the name of, the corporation by the Chairman or Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors, if any, or by the President or a Vice-President and by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the corporation representing the number of shares owned by him in the corporation. If such certificate is countersigned by a transfer agent other than the corporation or its employee or by a registrar other than the corporation or its employee, any other signature on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent, or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent, or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the corporation with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent, or registrar at the date of issue. 
   
 (b)      L egends. Whenever the corporation shall be authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class of stock, and whenever the corporation shall issue any shares of its stock as partly paid stock, the certificates representing shares of any such class or series or of any such partly paid stock shall set forth thereon the statements pres cribed by the Delaware General Corporation Law, 8  Del.   C.  ยง 101  et   seq. (the "General Corporation Law"). Any restrictions on the transfer or registration of transfer of any shares of stock of any class or series shall be noted conspicuously on the ce rtificate representing such shares. 
   
 (c)      Lost,   Stolen   or   Destroyed   Certificate s. The corporation may issue a new certificate of stock in place of any certificate theretofore issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed, and the Board of Directors may require the owner of any lost, stolen, or destroyed certificate, or his legal representative, to give the corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify the corporation against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft, or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of any such new certificate. 
   
 (d)      Book   Entry   Form. Notwithstanding anything herein contained to the contrary, the corporation may issue shares of its stock in uncertificated or book-entry form. In such event, the corporation's transfer agent and registrar shall keep appropriate records indicating (a) the person to whom such uncertificated shares of stock were issued, (b) the number, class and designation of series, if any, of shares of stock held by such person and (c) other information deemed relevant to the corporation. 
   
 
   
 1 
 
   
 
   
 1.2       FRACTIONAL   SHARE   INTERESTS. 
   
 The corporation may, but shall not be required to, issue fractions of a share. 
   
 1.3       STOCK   TRANSFERS. 
   
Upon compliance with provisions restricting the transfer or registration of transfer of shares of stock, if any, transfers or registration of transfer of shares of stock of the corporation shall be made only on the stock ledger of the corporation by the registered holder thereof, or by his attorney thereunto authorized by power of attorney duly executed and filed with the Secretary of the corporation or with a transfer agent or a registrar, if any, and on surrender of the certificate or certificates for such shares of stock properly e ndorsed and the payment of all taxes due thereon. 
   
 1.4       RECORD   DATE   FOR   STOCKHOLDERS. 
   
 (a)      Voting;   Meeting   N otice. In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the board of directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the board of directors, and which record date shall not be more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting. If no record date has been fixed by the board of directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the board of directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. 
   
 (b)      Dividend   or   other   Rights   Regarding   S hares. In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the board of directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than sixty (60) days prior to such action. If no record date has been fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the board of dire ctors adopts the resolution relating thereto. 
   
 1.5.      MEANING   OF   CERTAIN   TERMS. 
   
As used herein in respect of the right to notice of a meeting of stockholders or a waiver thereof or to participate or vote thereat or to consent or dissent in writing in lieu of a meeting, as the case may be, the term "share" or "shares" or "share of stock" or "shares of stock" or "stockholder" or "stockholders" refers to an outstanding share or shares of stock and to a holder or holders of record of outstanding shares of stock when the corporation is authorized to issue only one class of shares of stock, and said reference is also intended to include any outstanding share or shares of stock and any holder or holders of record of outstanding shares of stock of any class upon which or upon whom the certificate of incorporation confers such rights where there are two or more classes or series of shares of stock or upon which or upon whom the General Corporation Law confers such rights notwithstanding that the certificate of incorporation may provide for more than one class or series of shares of stock, one or more of which are limited or denied such rights thereunder; provided, however, that no such right shall vest in the event of an increase or a decrease in the authorized number of shares of stock of any class or series which is otherwise denied voting rights under the provisions of the certificate of incorporation, including any preferred stock which is denied voting rights under the provisions of the resolution o r resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors with respect to the issuance thereof. 
   
 
   
 2 
 
   
 
   
 1.6.       STOCKHOLDER   MEETINGS. 
   
 (a)      Time. The annual meeting shall be held each year on the date and at the time fixed, from time to time, by the Board of Directors which shall be not more than thirteen (13) months following the prior annual meeting. Special meetings shall be held on the date and at the time fixed by the directors. 
   
 (b)      P lace. Annual meetings and special meetings shall be held at such place, within or without the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors may, from time to time, fix. Whenever the Board of Directors shall fail to fix such place, the meeting shall be held at the registered office of the corporation in the State of Delaware. 
   
 (c)      C all. Annual meetings and special meetings may be called by the Board of Directors or by any officer instructed by the Board of Directors to call the meeting or by stockholders owning  not less than 75% of the voting stock of the corporation. 
   
 (d)      N otice. Written notice of all meetings shall be given, stating the place, date, and hour of the meeting. The notice of an annual meeting shall state that the meeting is called for the election of directors and for the transaction of other business which may properly come before the meeting, and shall (if any other action which could be taken at a special meeting is to be taken at such annual meeting), state such other action or actions as are known at the time of such notice. The notice of a special meeting shall in all instances state the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. If any action is proposed to be taken which would, if taken, entitle stockholders to receive payment for their shares of stock, the notice shall include a statement of that purpose and to that effect. Except as otherwise provided by the General Corporation Law, a copy of the notice of any meeting shall be given, personally or by mail, not less than ten days nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting, unless the lapse of the prescribed period of time shall have been waived, and directed to each stockholder at his address as it appears on the records of the corporation. Notice by mail shall be deemed to be given when deposited, with postage thereon prepaid, in the United States mail. Electronic notice shall be effective as written notice and shall be deemed to be given when sent to each stockholder consenting to notices  by electronic mail. 
   
 (e)      Notice   to   Stockholders   Sharing   an   A ddress. Without limiting the manner by which notice may be effectively given to stockholders, to the extent permitted by Section 233 of the General Corporation Law, a notice to stockholders shall be effective if given by single written notice to stockholders sharing an address if consented to by such stockholders at that address to whom notice is given and if such consent has not been revoked as provided by law. Any stockholder who fails to object in writing to the corporation within sixty (60) days of having been given written notice by the corporation of its intent to send a single notice to multiple stockholders sharing an address with that stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to receiving such single wri tten notice. 
   
 (f)      Notice   of   Adjourned   M eeting. If a meeting is adjourned to another time, not more than thirty (30) days hence, and/or to another place, and if an announcement of the adjourned time and place is made at the meeting, it shall not be necessary to give notice of the adjourned meeting unless the directors, after adjournment, fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. 
   
 
   
 3 
 
   
 
   
 (g)      Waiver   of   N otice. Notice need not be given to any stockholder who submits a written waiver of notice by him before or after the time stated therein. Attendance of a person at a meeting of stockholders shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the stockholder attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting o f the stockholders need be specified in any written waiver of notice. 
   
 (h)      Stockholder   L ist. There shall be prepared and made, at least ten days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Nothing in these Amended and Restated Bylaws shall require the corporation to provide electronic mail addresses or other electronic mail information as a part of such list. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten days prior to the meeting either (i) on a reasonably accessible electronic network available only to stockholders, provided that information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting, or (ii) during ordinary business hours, at the principal place of business of the corporation. . If the meeting is to be held at a physical location, the list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. If the list is maintained on a reasonably accessible electronic network in accordance with (i) above, it shall be open to the examination of any stockholder during the duration of the meeting, and the information required to access such list shall be provided with the notice of the meeting. The stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the stock ledger, the list required by this section or the books of the corporation,  or to vote at any meeting of stockholders. 
   
 (i)      Conduct   Of   M eeting. Meetings of the stockholders shall be presided over by one of the following officers in the order of seniority and if present and acting: the Chairman of the Board, if any, the Vice-Chairman of the Board, if any, the President, a Vice President, a chairman for the meeting chosen by the Board of Directors, or, if none of the foregoing is in office and present and acting, by a chairman to be chosen by the stockholders. The Secretary of the corporation, or, in his absence, an Assistant Secretary, shall act as secretary of every meeting, but if neither the Secretary nor an Assistant Secretary is present the Chairman for the meeting shall appoint a secretary of the meeting. 
   
 (j)      Proxy   R epresentation. Every stockholder may authorize another person or persons to act for him by proxy in all matters in which a stockholder is entitled to participate, including, without limitation, by waiving notice of any meeting, voting or participating at a meeting, or expressing consent or dissent without a meeting. Every proxy must be signed by the stockholder or by his attorney-in-fact. No proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years from its date unless such proxy provides for a longer period. A duly executed proxy shall be irrevocable if it states that it is irrevocable and, if, and only as long as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power. A proxy may be made irrevocable regardless of whether the interest with which it is coupled is an interest in the stock itself or an interest in the corporation generally. 
   
 (k)      Inspectors   And   J udges. The directors, in advance of any meeting, may, but need not, appoint one or more inspectors of election or judges of the vote, as the case may be, to act at the meeting or any adjournment thereof. If an inspector or inspectors or judge or judges are not appointed in advance, the person presiding at the meeting may, but need not, appoint one or more inspectors or judges. In case any person who may be appointed as an inspector or judge fails to appear or act, the vacancy may be filled by appointment made by the person presiding thereat. Each inspector or judge, if any, before entering upon the discharge of his duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector or judge at such meeting with strict impartiality and according to the best of his ability. The inspectors or judges, if any, shall determine the number of shares of stock outstanding and the voting power of each, the shares of stock represented at the meeting, the existence of a quorum, the validity and effect of proxies, and shall receive votes, ballots or consents, hear and determine all challenges and questions arising in connection with the right to vote, count and tabulate all votes, ballots or consents, determine the result, and do such acts as are proper to conduct the election or vote with fairness to all stockholders. On request of the person presiding at the meeting, the inspector or inspectors or judge or judges, if any, shall make a report in writing of any challenge, question or matter determined by him or them and execute a certificate of any fact found by him or them. 
   
 
   
 4 
 
   
 
   
 (l)      Quorum. Except as the General Corporation Law or these Amended and Restated Bylaws may otherwise provide, the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote shall constitute a quorum at a meeting of stockholders for the transaction of any business. The stockholders present may adjourn the meeting despite the absence of a quorum. When a quorum is once present to organize a meeting, it is not broken by the subsequent withdrawal of any stockholders. 
   
 (m)      V oting. Each stockholder entitled to vote in accordance with the terms of the certificate of incorporation and of these Amended and Restated Bylaws, or, with respect to the issuance of Preferred Stock, in accordance with the terms of a resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors, shall be entitled to one vote, in person or by proxy, for each share of stock entitled to vote held by such stockholder. In the election of directors, a plurality of the votes present at the meeting shall elect. Any other action shall be authorized by a majority of the votes cast except where the certificate of incorporation or the General Corporation Law prescribes a different percentage of votes and/or a different exercise of voting power. Voting by ballot shall not be required for corporate action except as otherwise provided by the General Corporation Law or these Amended and Restated Bylaws. 
   
 1.7.      Stockholder   Action   Without   Meetings. 
   
Any action required to be taken, or any action which may be taken, at any annual or special meeting of stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of the outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing and who, if the action had been taken at a meeting, would have been entitled to notice of the meeting if the record date therefor had been the date consents signed by a sufficient number of holders to take the action were delivered to the corporation as required by statute and these Amended and Restated Bylaws, and shall be delivered to the corporation by delivery to its registered office in Delaware, its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to a corporation's registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. 
   
 1.8.       Notice   Of   Stockholder   Business. 
   
 (a)      Generally. At any annual or special meeting of the stockholders or upon written consent of the stockholders without a meeting, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been brought before the meeting (A) pursuant to the corporation's notice of meeting, (B) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (C) by any stockholder of the corporation who is a stockholder of record at the time of giving of the notice provided for in this Bylaw, who shall be entitled to vote at such meeting and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in these Amended and Restated Bylaws. To the extent that a special meeting is called by stockholders having the ownership threshold set forth in these Amended and Restated Bylaws, only the stockholders requesting such meeting and the corporation may propose business to be conducted at such special meeting. 
   
 
   
 5 
 
   
 
   
Notwithstanding anything in these Amended and Restated Bylaws to the contrary, no business shall be conducted at an annual meeting except in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Bylaw. The Chairman of the meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that business was not properly brought before the meeting and in accordance with the procedures prescribed by these Amended and Restated Bylaws, and if he should so determine, he shall so declare to the meeting and any such business not properly bro ught before the meeting shall not be transacted. 
   
 (b)                 Stockholder Proposals Relating to Nominations for and Election of Directors. 
   
Nominations by a stockholder of candidates for election to the Board of Directors by stockholders at a meeting of stockholders or upon written consent without a meeting may be made only if the stockholder complies with the procedures set forth in this Bylaw, and any candidate proposed by a stockholder not nominated in accordance with such provisions shall no t be considered or acted upon for execution at such meeting of stockholders. 
   
 (i)      Eligibility. A proposal by a stockholder for the nomination of a candidate for election by stockholders as a director at any meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected or upon written consent without a meeting may be made only by a stockholder who (A) was a stockholder of record at the time of giving of notice provided for in this Bylaw, (B) is entitled to vote at the meeting, (C) complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Bylaw, and (D) holds not less than 5% of the shares of stock entitled to vote at the meeting, and who gives notice in writing, delivered in person or by first class United States mail postage prepaid or by reputable overnight delivery service, to the Board of Directors of the corporation to the attention of the Secretary of the corporation at the principal office of the corporation, within the time limits specified herein. 
   
 (ii)      Timing. In the case of an annual meeting of stockholders, any such written proposal of nomination must be received by the Board of Directors not less than ninety (90) days nor more than one hundred twenty (120) days before the first anniversary of the date on which the corporation held its annual meeting in the immediately preceding year; provided, however, that in the case of an annual meeting of stockholders (A) that is called for a date that is not within thirty (30) days before or after the first anniversary date of the annual meeting of stockholders in the immediately preceding year, or (B) in the event that the corporation did not have an annual meeting of stockholders in the prior year any such written proposal of nomination must be received by the Board of Directors not less than ten days after the earlier of the date the corporation shall have (w) mailed notice to its stockholders that an annual meeting of stockholders will be held or (x) issued a press release, or (y) filed a periodic report with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") or (z) other wise publicly disseminated notice that an annual meeting of stockholders will be held. 
   
In the case of a special meeting of stockholders, any such written proposal of nomination must be received by the Board of Directors not less than ten days after the earlier of the date that the corporation shall have mailed notice to its stockholders that a special meeting of stockholders will be held or shall have issued a press release, filed a periodic report with the SEC or otherwise publicly disseminated notice that a special meeting of stockholders will be held. 
   
In the case of stockholder action by written consent with respect to the election by stockholders of a candidate as director, the stockholder seeking to have the stockholders elect such candidate by written consent shall submit a written proposal of nomination to the Board of Directors not less than forty-five (45) days nor more than ninety (90) days prior t o the record date for such election. 
   
 
   
 6 
 
   
 
   
 (iii)      Content   of   N otice. The written proposal of nomination required by this Bylaw shall set forth: (A) the name and address of the stockholder who intends to make the nomination, and the name and address of the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made, (B) the name, age, business address and, if known, residence address of each person so proposed, (C) the principal occupation or employment of each person so proposed for the past five (5) years, (D) the number of shares of capital stock of the corporation beneficially owned within the meaning of SEC Rule 13d-1 by each person so proposed and the earliest date of acquisition of any such capital stock and the class and number of shares of the corporation which are beneficially held by such stockholder, any voting rights with respect to shares not beneficially owned and other ownership or voting interest in shares of the corporation, whether economic or otherwise, including derivatives and hedges, (E) a description of any arrangement or understanding between each person so proposed and the stockholder(s) making such nomination with respect to such person's proposal for nomination and election as a director and actions to be proposed or taken by such person if elected a director, (F) the written consent of each person so proposed to serve as a director if nominated and elected as a director and (G) such other information regarding each such person as would be required under the proxy solicitation rules of the SEC if proxies were to be solicited for the election as a director of each person so proposed. 
   
If a written proposal of nomination timely submitted to the Board of Directors fails, in the reasonable judgment of the Board of Directors or a nominating committee established by it, to contain the information specified in the preceding paragraph of this Bylaw or is otherwise deficient (except as to timeliness), the Board of Directors shall, as promptly as is practicable under the circumstances, provide written notice to the stockholder(s) making such nomination of such failure or deficiency in the written proposal of nomination and such nominating stockholder shall have five (5) days from receipt of such notice to submit a revised written proposal of nomination that corrects such failure or deficiency in all  material respects. 
   
 (c)              Stockholder Proposals Relating to Matters Other Than Nominations for and Elections of Directors. 
   
 (i)      Eligibility. A stockholder who (A) holds not less than 5% of the shares of stock entitled to vote, (B) was a stockholder of record at the time of giving of notice provided for in this Bylaw, (C) is entitled to vote at the meeting and (D) complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Bylaw, may bring a matter (other than a nomination of a candidate for election as a director) before a meeting of stockholders or for action by written consent without a meeting only (x) if such stockholder matter is a proper matter for stockholder action and (y) such stockholder shall have provided notice in writing, delivered in person or by first class United States mail postage prepaid or by reputable overnight delivery service, to the Board of Directors of the corporation to the attention of the Secretary of the corporation at the principal office of the corporation, within the time limits specified in this Bylaw; provided, however, that a proposal submitted by such a stockholder for inclusion in the corporation's proxy statement for an annual meeting that is appropriate for inclusion therein and otherwise complies (including as to timeliness) with the provisions of Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") shall be deemed to ha ve also been submitted on a timely basis pursuant to this Bylaw. 
   
(ii)     In the case of an annual meeting of stockholders, any such written notice of a proposal of a stockholder matter must be received by the Board of Directors not less than ninety (90) days nor more than one hundred twenty (120) days before the first anniversary of the date on which the corporation held its annual meeting of stockholders in the immediat ely preceding year; provided,  however, that (A) in the case of an annual meeting of stockholders that is called for a date which is not within thirty (30) days before or after the first anniversary date of the annual meeting of stockholders in the immediately preceding year, or (B) in the event that the corporation did not have an annual meeting of stockholders in the prior year, any such written notice of a proposal of a stockholder matter must be received by the Board of Directors not less than ten (10) days after the date the corporation shall have (w) mailed n otice to its stockholders that an annual meeting of stockholders will be held or 
(x) issued a press release, or (y) filed a periodic report with the SEC or (z) otherwise publicly disseminated notice that an annual meeting of stockholders will be held. 
   
 
   
 7 
 
   
 
   
In the case of a special meeting of stockholders, any such written notice of a proposal of a stockholder matter must be received by the Board of Directors not less than ten (10) days after the earlier of the date the corporation shall have mailed notice to its stockholders that a special meeting of stockholders will be held, issued a press release, filed a periodic report with the SEC or otherwise publicly disseminated notice that a special meeting of stockholders will be held. 
   
In the case of stockholder action by written consent (other than the nomination of a candidate for election as a director), the stockholder seeking to have the stockholders authorize or take corporate action by written consent shall, by written notice to the Board of Directors, set forth the written proposal not less than forty-five (45) days nor more than n inety (90) days prior to the record date for the vote to be taken regarding such proposal. 
   
 (iii)  Content   of   N otice. Such written notice of a proposal of a stockholder matter shall set forth information regarding such stockholder matter equivalent to the information regarding such stockholder matter that would be required under the proxy solicitation rules of the SEC if proxies were solicited for stockholder consideration of such stockholder matter at a meeting of stockholders. In addition, such notice shall include (A) the name and address of the stockholder making the proposal, and the name and address of the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made, (B) the name, age, business address and, if known, residence address of each person so proposed, (C) the number of shares of capital stock of the corporation beneficially owned within the meaning of SEC Rule 13d-1 by each person so proposed and the earliest date of acquisition of any such capital stock and the class and number of shares of the corporation which are beneficially held by such stockholder, any voting rights with respect to shares not beneficially owned and other ownership or voting interest in  shares of the corporation, whether economic or otherwise, including derivatives and hedges. 
   
If a written notice of a proposal of a stockholder matter timely submitted to the Board of Directors fails, in the reasonable judgment of the Board of Directors, to contain the information specified in this Bylaw or is otherwise deficient (except as to timeliness), the Board of Directors shall, as promptly as is practicable under the circumstances, provide written notice to the stockholder who submitted the written notice of presentation of a stockholder matter of such failure or deficiency in the written notice of presentation of a stockholder matter and such stockholder shall have five days from receipt of such notice to submit a revised written notice of presentation of a matter that corrects such failure or  deficiency in all material respects. 
   
 ARTICLE II 
 DIRECTORS 
   
 2.1      Functions   And   Definition. 
   
The business and affairs of the corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors of the corporation. The use of the phrase "whole board" herein refe rs to the total number of directors which the corporation would have if there were no vacancies. 
   
 
   
 8 
 
   
 
   
 2.2.    Qualifications   And   Number. 
   
A director need not be a stockholder, a citizen of the United States, or a resident of the State of Delaware. The number of directors constituting the entire Board of Directors shall be the number, not less than one nor more than fifteen (15), fixed from time to time by a majority of the total number of directors which the corporation would have, prior to any increase or decrease, if there were no vacancies, provided, however, that no decrease shall shorten the term of an incumbent director. The number of directors may be increased or decreased by the vote of stockholders holding not less than a majority of the voting stock of the corporation then outstanding or by majority vote of the directors then in office. 
   
 2.3      Election   And   Term. 
   
 (a)      E lection. The Board of Directors of the corporation shall be comprised of a single class of directors and each director shall hold office until the expiration of the term for which he or she is elected and until such director's successor is elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation, removal or death. Any director appointed by the Board of Directors of the corporation to fill a vacancy of a director that resigns, retires, is removed, or otherwise ceases to serve prior to the end of such director's term in office, shall hold office until the expiration of the term for which he or she is elected, and until that director's successor has been elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation,  removal or death. 
   
 (b)      R esignations. Any director of the corporation may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Board or to the Secretary of the corporation. Any such resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein, or, if the time be not specified, it shall take effect immediately upon its receipt; and unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resigna tion shall not be necessary to make it effective. 
   
 (c)      Remo val. Subject to the rights of any class or series of stock having a preference over the common stock as to dividends or upon liquidation to elect directors under specified circumstanc es, any director may be removed from office at any time, but only: 
   
(i)     for cause, which may include any adjudication in any civil suit, or written acknowledgment by the director in any agreement or stipulation of the Securities Exchange Commission of any theft, embezzlement or fraud and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the combined voting power of the then outstanding shares of stock  entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class; or 
   
(ii)     by a vote of a majority of the other members of the Board in the case of a conviction of or plea of guilty or  nolo   contendere by such director to either (A) a felony, or (B) any crime involving fraud or embezzlement, or (C) any adjudication in any civil suit, or written acknowledgment by the director in any agreement or stipulation of the Securities Exchange Commission of any theft, embezzlement or fraud. 
   
 2.4.    Meetings. 
   
   (a)      Time . Meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at such time as the Board shall  fix. 
   
 
   
 9 
 
   
 
   
   (b)      First   Meeting.     The first meeting of each newly elected Board may be held immediately after each annual meeting of the stockholders at the same place at which the meeting is  held, and no notice of such meeting shall be necessary to call the meeting, provided a quorum shall be present. In the event such first meeting is not so held immediately after the annual meeting of the stockholders, it may be held at such time and place as shall be specified in the notice given as hereinafter provided for special meetings of the Board of Directors, or at such time and place as shall be fixed by the consent in writing of all of the directors. 
   
 (c)      P lace. Meetings, both regular and special, shall be held at such place within or without the State of Delaware as shall be fixed by the Board. Directors may participate in any regular or special meeting of the Board (or any committee of the Board) by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment pursuant to which all persons participating in the meeting of the Board can hear each other, and such participation shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 
   
 (d)      C all. No call or notice of meeting shall be required for regular meetings for which the time and place have been fixed. Special meetings may be called by or at the direction of the Chairman of the Board, if any, the Vice-Chairman of the Board, if any, or the President, or of a majority of the directors in office. 
   
 (e)      Notice   Or   Actual   Or   Constructive   Waive r. No notice shall be required for regular meetings for which the time and place have been fixed. Written, oral, or any other mode of notice of the time and place shall be given for special meetings at least twenty-four hours prior to the meeting. The notice of any meeting need not specify the purpose of the meeting. Any requirement of furnishing a notice shall be waived by any director who signs a written waiver of such notice before or after the time stated therein. 
   
Attendance of a director at a meeting of the Board shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the director attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. 
   
 (f)      Quorum   And   A ction. A majority of the Board then in office shall constitute a quorum, except when a vacancy or vacancies prevents such majority, whereupon a majority of the directors in office shall constitute a quorum, provided that such majority shall constitute at least one- third (1/3) of the whole Board. Any director may participate in a meeting of the Board by means of a conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all directors participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting of the Board shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. A majority of the directors present, whether or not a quorum is present, may adjourn a meeting to another time and place. Except as herein otherwise provided, and except as otherwise provided by the General Corporation Law, the act of the Board shall be the act by vote of a majority of the directors present at a meeting, a quorum being present. The quorum and voting provisions herein stated shall not be construed as conflicting with any provisions of the General Corporation Law and these Amended and Restated Bylaws which govern a meeting of directors held to fill vacancies and newly created directorships in the Board. 
   
 (g)      Chairman   Of   The   M eeting. The Chairman of the Board, if any and if present and acting, shall preside at all meetings. Otherwise, the Vice-Chairman of the Board, if any and if present and acting, or the Pr esident, if present and acting, or any other director chosen by the Board, shall preside. 
   
 (h)      The   Chairman   Of   The   Board   Of   Directo rs. The Chairman of the Board of Directors, and any Vice-Chairman of the Board, may be elected by a majority vote of the Board of Directors and shall serve until the meeting of the B oard of Directors next following the Annual Meeting of the  Stockholders at which a Chairman, and any Vice-Chairman, shall be newly elected or re-elected from amongst the Directors then in office. 
   
 
   
 10 
 
   
 
   
 2.5.      Removal   Of   Directors. 
   
Except to the extent otherwise provided in the corporation's Certificate of Incorporation or any preferred stock designation (as the same may be amended from time to time), any or all of the directors may be removed for cause or without cause by the stockholders by the vote required to elect such directors. 
   
 2.6       Committees. 
   
The Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole Board, designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the corporation. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board, shall have and may exercise the powers of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the corporation, and may authorize the seal of the corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it; provided, however, that no committee shall have power or authority in reference to the following matters: (i) approving, adopting or recommending to the stockholders any action or matter (other than the election or removal of directors ) expressly required by statute to be submitted to stockholders for approval, or  (ii) adopting, amending or repealing any portion of these Amended and Restated Bylaws. In the absence or disqualification of any member of any such committee or committees, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board o f Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. 
   
 2.7       Action   In   Writing. 
   
Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these Amended and Restated Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, and the writing or writings are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee; provided that such filing may be maintained in electronic form if the records of all meeting minutes are so m aintained. 
   
 2.8.      Vacanc ies . 
   
Between annual meetings of stockholders or special meetings of stockholders called for the election of directors and/or for the removal of one or more directors and for the filling of any vacancies in the Board of Directors, including vacancies resulting from any increase in the number of directors serving on the Board of Directors or the removal of directors for cause or without cause, any vacancy in the Board of Directors may be filled by the vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in office, although less than a quorum,  or by the sole remaining director, per DGCL Section 223(a)(1). 
   
 
   
 11 
 
   
 
   
 2.9.      Compe nsation . 
   
The directors shall receive only such compensation for their services as directors as may be allowed by resolution of the Board. The Board may also provide that the corporation shall reimburse each such director for any expense incurred by him on account of his attendance at any meetings of the Board or Committees of the Board. Neither the payment of such compensation nor the reimbursement of such expenses shall be construed to preclude any director from serving the corporation or its subsidiaries in any other capacity and receiving c ompensation therefor. 
   
 ARTICLE III 
 OFFICERS 
   
 3.1.      Executive   Officers. 
   
The directors may elect or appoint a Chairman of the Board of Directors, a Chief Executive Officer, a President, one or more Vice Presidents (one or more of whom may be denominated "Executive Vice President"), a Secretary, one or more Assistant Secretaries, a Treasurer, one or more Assistant Treasurers, and such other officers as they may determine. If the Corporation has a General Counsel or Chief Legal Officer then, whether or not official action of the Board or the Corporation is taken to appoint such person a Vice President, such person shall be deemed to be a Vice President of the Corporation. Any number of offices may be held by the same person. The Board of Directors may appoint such other officers and agents as it shall deem necessary who shall hold their offices for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined from time to time by the  Board. 
   
 3.2.      Term   Of   Office:   Removal. 
   
Unless otherwise provided in the resolution of election or appointment, each officer shall hold office until the meeting of the Board of Directors following the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his successor has been elected and qualified or until his earlier resignation or removal. The Board of Directors may remove any officer for cause or with out cause. 
   
 3.3.      Authority   And   Duties. 
   
All officers, as between themselves and the corporation, shall have such authority and perform such duties in the management of the corporation as may be provided in these Amended  and Restated Bylaws, or, to the extent not so provided, by the Board of Directors. 
   
 3.4.      Chief   Executive   Officer. 
   
The Chief Executive Officer shall, subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors, have general supervision and control of the corporation's business and such duties as may fr om time to time be prescribed by the Board of Directors. 
   
 3.5.      President. 
   
The President shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and in the absence of the Chairman of the Board of Directors, at the meeting of the Board of Directors, shall, subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors, have general supervision and control of the corporation's business and shall see that all orders and resolutions of the Board of Directors are carried into effect. In the absence of a separately designated Chief Executive Officer, the President shall be the Chief Executive Officer and, in the case where there is a separately designated Chief Executive Officer, shall be the Chief Operating Officer of the corporation. In addition to those powers delegated to the President by the Board of Directors, the President shall have the power to execute bonds, mortgages and other contracts requiring a seal, under the seal of the corporation, except where required or permitted by law to be otherwise signed and executed and except where the signing and execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the board of directors to some other officer or agent  of the corporation. 
   
 
   
 12 
 
   
 
   
 3.6.      Vice   Presidents. 
   
Any Vice President that may have been appointed, in the absence or disability of the President, shall perform the duties and exercise the powers of the President, in the order of their seniority, and shall perform such other duties, and have such other powers, as the Board of Directors shall prescribe. 
   
 3.7.      Secretary. 
   
The Secretary shall keep in safe custody the seal of the corporation and affix it to any instrument when authorized by the Board of Directors, and shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors. The Secretary (or in his absence, an Assistant Secretary, but if neither is present another person selected by the Chairman for the meeting) shall have the duty to record the proceedings of the meetings of the stockholders and directors in a book to be kept for that purpose. 
   
 3.8.      Chief   Financial   Officer   And   Treasurer. 
   
The Chief Financial Officer shall be the Treasurer, unless the Board of Directors shall elect another officer to be the Treasurer. If the Chief Financial Officer is not the Treasurer, the Chief Financial Officer nevertheless shall be the principal financial and accounting officer of the corporation to whom the Treasurer shall report The Treasurer shall have the care and custody of the corporate funds, and other valuable effects, including securities, and shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the corporation and shall deposit all moneys and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the Board of Directors. The Treasurer shall disburse the funds of the corporation as may be ordered by the Board, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and shall render to the President and directors, at the regular meetings of the Board, or whenever they may require it, an account of all his transactions as Treasurer and of the financial condition of the corporation. If required by the Board of Directors, the Treasurer shall give the corporation a bond for such term, in such sum and with such surety or sureties as shall be satisfactory to the Board for the faithful performance of the duties of his office and for the restoration to the corporation, in case of his death, resignation, retirement or removal from office, of all books, papers, vouchers, money and other property of whatever kind in his possession or under his control belonging to the corporation. 
   
 3.9   Compe nsation. The salaries, and all other compensation (including benefits) of all executive officers of the corporation shall be fixed by the Board or by such committee of the Board as may be  designated from time to time by a resolution adopted by a majority of the Board. 
   
 
   
 13 
 
   
 
   
 ARTICLE IV 
 CORPORATE SEAL 
 AND 
 CORPORATE   BOOKS 
   
 4.1.      Seal. The corporate seal shall be in such form as the Board of Directors shall prescribe. The corporate seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or in any other manner reproduced. The corporation may adopt for any transaction, without the specific leave of the directors, a seal which is different from its customary and usual seal; and it shall be sufficient in any document requiring the seal of the corporation if the officer executing such document on behalf of the corporation, being authorized to d o so, writes or prints the word "Seal" or makes some similar mark. 
   
 4.2.      Books. The books of the corporation may be kept within or without the State of Delaware, at such place or places as the Board of Directors may, from time to time, determine. 
   
 ARTICLE V 
 FISCAL   YEAR 
   
The fiscal year of the corporation shall be fixed, and shall be subject to change, by the Board of Directors. Initially, the fiscal year of the corporation shall be the calendar ye ar. 
   
 ARTICLE VI 
 INDEMNITY 
   
 6.1.      Indemnification   of   Officers,   Directors,   Employees   and   Agents;   I nsurance. 
   
 (a)      Right   to   Indemni fication. Each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (hereinafter a "proceeding"), by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or officer of the corporation or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee, trustee, agent or fiduciary of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan (hereinafter an "indemnitee"), whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee, trustee, agent, fiduciary, or in any other capacity, while serving as a director, officer, employee, agent, trustee or fiduciary of another corporation shall be indemnified and held harmless by the corporation to the fullest extent authorized by the General Corporation Law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, against all expense, liability and loss (including attorneys' fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such indemnitees in connection therewith and such indemnification shall continue as to an indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee, trustee, agent, fiduciary or in any other capacity, and sh all inure to the benefit of the indemnitee's heirs, executors and administrators;  p rovided,  however, that except as provided in paragraph (c) hereof with respect to proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification, the corporation shall indemnify any such indemnitee in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such indemnitee only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized or is subsequently ratified by the Board of Directors of the corporation. The corporation shall not be liable to indemnify the indemnitee with regard to any award in any proceeding if the corporation was not given a reasonable and time ly opportunity, at its expense, to meaningfully participate in the defense of such proceeding. 
   
 
   
 14 
 
   
 
   
 (b)      Right   to   Advancement   of   E xpenses. The right to indemnification conferred in paragraph (a) of this Section shall include the right to be paid by the corporation the expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred in defending any proceeding for which such right to indemnification is applicable in advance of its final disposition (hereinafter an "advancement of expenses");  p rovided,  however, that, if and to the extent that the General Corporation Law so requires, an advancement of expenses incurred by an indemnitee in his or her capacity as a director or officer (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such indemnitee, including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) shall be made only upon delivery to the corporation of an undertaking (hereinafter an "undertaking"), by or on behalf of such indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal (hereinafter a "final adjudication") that such indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified for such exp enses under this Section or otherwise. 
   
 (c)      Written   Request. To obtain indemnification under this Bylaw, a claimant shall submit to the corporation a written request, including therein or therewith such documentation and information as is reasonably available to the claimant and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent the claimant is entitled to indemnification. If and to the extent that applicable law requires a determination as to the claimant's entitlement to indemnification or advancement hereunder, upon written request by a claimant for indemnification pursuant to the first sentence of this paragraph (c), a determination shall be made as follows: (1) if a determination by Independent Counsel is requested by the claimant, by Independen t Counsel (as hereinafter defined), or  (2) if no request is made by the claimant for a determination by Independent Counsel, (i) by the Board by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of Disinterested Directors (as hereinafter defined), or (ii) if a quorum of the Board consisting of Disinterested Directors is not obtainable or, even if obtainable, such quorum of Disinterested Directors so directs, by Independent Counsel in a written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to the claimant, or (iii) if a quorum of Disinterested Directors so directs, by the stockholders of the corporation. In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel at the request of the claimant, the Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board unless there shall have occurred within two years prior to the date of the commencement of the action, suit or proceeding for which indemnification is claimed a change of control of the corporation, in which case the Independent Counsel shall be selected by the claimant unless the claimant shall request that such selection be made by the Board. If is so determined that the claimant is entitled to indemnification, payment to the claimant shall be made within 10 days after such determination. 
   
 (d)      Right   of   Indemnitee   to   Bring   Suit. The rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses conferred in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section shall be a contract between the corporation and each director or officer of the corporation who serves or served in such capacity at any time while this Article VI is in effect. Any repeal or modification of this Article VI or any repeal or modification of relevant provisions of the General Corporation Law or any other applicable laws shall not in any way diminish any rights to indemnification of such director or officer or the obligations of the Corporation hereunder. If a claim under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section is not paid in full by the corporation within thirty (30) days after a wr itten claim pursuant to paragraph  (c)  has been received by the corporation, or in the case of a claim for advancement of expenses, in which case the applicable period shall also be thirty (30) days, the indemnitee may at any time thereafter bring suit against the corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim. If successful in whole or in part in any such suit, or in a suit brought by the corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the indemnitee shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting or defending such suit. In (i) any suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder (but not in a suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to an advancement of expenses) it shall be a defense that, and (ii) in any suit by the corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking the Corporation shall be entitled to recover such expenses upon a final adjudication that, the indemnitee has not met any applicable standard for indemnification set forth in the General Corporation Law. Neither the failure of the corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such suit, whether pursuant to paragraph (c) above or otherwise, that indemnification of the indemnitee is proper in the circumstances because the indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the Delaware General Corporation Law, nor an actual determination by the corporation (including its board of directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) that the indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption that the indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct or, in the case of such a suit brought by the indemnitee, be a defense to such suit. In any suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, or by the corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the burden of proving that the indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this Section 6.1 or otherwise shall be on the corporation. 
   
 
   
 15 
 
   
 
   
 (e)      Non-Exclusivity   of   Rights. The rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses conferred in this Section shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, the corporation's certificate of incorporation, by-law, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise. 
   
 (f)      Insurance. The corporation shall maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such ex pense, liability or loss under the General Corporation Law,  provided that such insurance is available on acceptable terms, which determination shall be made by the Board of Directors or by a committee thereof. 
   
 (g)      Indemnification   of   Employees   and   Agents   of   the   Corporation. The corporation may, to the extent and in accordance with the terms authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors, grant rights to indemnification, and to the advancement of expenses to any employee or agent of the corporation to the fullest extent of the provisions of this Section with respect to the indemnification and advancement of e xpenses of directors and officers of the corporation. 
   
(h)     For purposes of this Section, references to "the corporation" shall include, in addition to the corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under this Section with respect to the corporation as he would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. 
   
(i)     For purposes of this Section, references to "serving at the request of the corporation" shall include any service as director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner "not opposed to the best interests of the corporation" as referred to in this Section. 
   
(j)     Notwithstanding anything else in this Article VI, in the event that the express provisions of the General Corporation Law relating to indemnification of, or advancement of expenses by the corporation to, persons eligible for indemnification or advancement of expenses under this Article VII are amended to permit broader indemnification or advancement of expenses, then the corporation will provide such indemnification and advancement of expenses to the maximum extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law. 
   
 
   
 16 
 
   
 
   
(k)     If this Article VI or any portion hereof shall be invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, then the corporation shall nevertheless indemnify each indemnitee of the corporation as to costs, charges and expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement with respect to any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, including an action by or in the right of the corporation, to the full extent permitted by any applicable portion of this Article VI that shall not have been invalidated and to the full extent permitted by applicable law. 
   
(l)     If a determination shall have been made pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Bylaw that the claimant is entitled to indemnification, the corporation shall be bound by such det ermination in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Bylaw. 
   
(m)     The corporation shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Bylaw that the procedures and presumptions are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in such proceeding that the corporation is bound by all the provisions of this Bylaw. 
   
   
 (n) 
 
 For purposes of this Bylaw: 
 
   
   
 (i) 
 
"Disinterested Director" means a director of the corporation who is not and was not a party to the matter in respect of which indemnification is sought by the claimant; and 
 
   
   
 (ii) 
 
"Independent Counsel" means a law firm, a member of a law firm, or and independent practitioner, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and shall include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would not have a conflict of interest in representing either the corporation or the claimant in an action t o determine the claimant's rights under this Bylaw. 
 
   
(o)     To the fullest extent permitted by law, no amendment, repeal or modification of the applicable provisions of the General Corporation Law or of the foregoing provisions of this Article VI shall adversely affect any right or protection hereunder of any person with respect to any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such amendment, repeal or m odification. 
   
 ARTICLE VII 
 AMENDMENTS 
   
These Amended and Restated Bylaws may be altered, amended or repealed or new by-laws may be adopted by the stockholders or by the board of directors, when such power is conferred upon the board of directors by the certificate of incorporation, at any regular meeting of the stockholders or of the board of directors, or at any special meeting of the stockholders or of the board of directors if notice of such alteration, amendment, repeal or adoption of new by-laws be contained in the notice of such special meeting. 
   
 
   
 17 
 
   
 
   
In witness whereof the undersigned, as Secretary of Paulson Capital (Delaware) Corp., certifies that the foregoing Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Corporation were duly adopted  by its Board of Directors on and effective as of July 14, 2014. 
   
   
 /s/ Kellie M. Davis                                    
 Kellie M. Davis, Secretary 
   
 18 
