 htm 92232 Articles of incorporation 3 2016-07-19T08:37:34.544048-05:00 Filing 0001193125-16-503446 2016-03-14 10-K Annual  & Quarterly Reports 0001543643 CU Bancorp CUNB COM Nasdaq Capital Market 6021 National Commercial Banks No CALIFORNIA CALIFORNIA CALIFORNIA true Accelerated Filer 001-35683 EX-3.2 Exhibit Exhibit 2 d215093dex32.htm EX-3.2 2 d215093dex32.htm EX-3.2 
 Exhibit 3.2 
 BYLAWS 
 OF 
 CU BANCORP 
 ARTICLE I 
 OFFICES 
 Section 1. PRINCIPAL OFFICES. The board of directors shall fix the location of the principal executive office of the corporation at any place within or outside the State of California. If the principal executive office is located outside this state, and the corporation has one or more business offices in this state, the board of directors shall likewise fix and designate a principal bus iness office in the State of California. 
 Section 2. OTHER OFFICES. The board of directors may at any time establish branch or subordinate offices at any place or places where the corporation is qualified to do business. 
 ARTICLE II 
 MEETINGS OF SHAREHOLDERS 
 Section 1. PLACE OF MEETINGS. Meetings of shareholders shall be held at any place within or without the State of California designated by the board of directors. In the absence of any such designation, shareh olders' meetings shall be held at the principal executive office of the corporation. 
 Section 2. ANNUAL MEETINGS. The annual meeting of shareholders shall be held each year on a date and at a time designated by the board of directors. The date so designated shall be within five (5) months after the end of the fiscal year of the corporation, and within fifteen (15) months after the last annual meeting. At each annual meeting directors shall be elected, and any other pr oper business may be transacted. 
 Section 3. SPECIAL MEETINGS. A special meeting of the shareholders, for any purpose or purposes whatsoever, may be called at any time by the board of directors, or by the chairman of the board of directors, or by the president, or by one or more shareholders holding shares in the aggregate entitled to cast not less than 10% of the votes at any such meeting. 
If a special meeting is called by any person or persons other than the board of directors, the request shall be in writing, specifying the time of such meeting and the general nature of the business proposed to be transacted, and shall be delivered or sent by registered mail or by 
   
 1 
 
 
telegraphic or other facsimile transmission to the chairman of the board, the president, any vice president or the secretary of the corporation. The officer receiving such request forthwith shall cause notice to be given to the shareholders entitled to vote, in accordance with the provisions of Sections 4 and 5 of this Article II, that a meeting will be held at the time requested by the person or persons calling the meeting, not less than thirty-five (35) nor more than sixty (60) days after the receipt of the request. If the notice is not given within twenty (20) days after receipt of the request, the person or persons requesting the meeting may give the notice. Nothing contained in this paragraph of this Section 3 shall be construed as limiting, fixing or affecting the time when a meeting of shareholders called by action of the board of directors may be held. 
 Section 4. NOTICE OF SHAREHOLDERS' MEETINGS. All notices of meetings of shareholders shall be sent or otherwise given in accordance with Section 5 of this Article II not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting being noticed. The notice shall specify the place, date and hour of the meeting and (i) in the case of a special meeting the general nature of the business to be transacted, or (ii) in the case of the annual meeting those matters which the board or directors, at the time of giving the notice, intends to present for action by the shareholders. The notice of any meeting at which directors are to be elected shall include the name of any nominee or nominees which, at the time of the notice, management intends to  present for election. 
If action is proposed to be taken at any meeting for approval of (i) contracts or transactions in which a director has a direct or indirect financial interest, pursuant to Section 310 of the Corporations Code of California, (ii) an amendment to the articles of incorporation, pursuant to Section 902 of such Code, (iii) a reorganization of the corporation, pursuant to Section 1201 of such Code, (iv) dissolution of the corporation, pursuant to Section 1900 of such Code, or (v) a distribution to preferred shareholders, pursuant to Section  2007 of such Code, the notice shall also state the general nature of such proposal. 
 Section 5. MANNER OF GIVING NOTICE, AFFIDAVIT OF NOTICE. Notice of any meeting of shareholders shall be given either personally or by first-class mail or telegraphic or other written communication, charges prepaid, addressed to the shareholder at the address of such shareholder appearing on the books of the corporation or given by the shareholder to the corporation for the purpose of notice. If no such address appears on the corporation's books or is given, notice shall be deemed to have been given if sent by mail or telegram to the corporation's principal executive office, or if published at least once in a newspaper of general circulation in the county where this office is located. Notice shall be deemed to have been given at the time when delivered personally or  deposited in the mail or sent by telegram or other means of written communication. 
If any notice addressed to a shareholder at the address of such shareholder appearing on the books of the corporation is returned to the corporation by the United States Postal Service marked to indicate that the United States Postal Service is unable to deliver the notice to the shareholder at such address, all future notices or reports shall be deemed to have been duly given without further mailing if the same shall be available to the shareholder upon written demand of the shareholder at the principal executive office of the corpor ation for a period of one year from the date of the giving of such notice. 
   
 2 
 
 
An affidavit of the mailing or other means of giving any notice of any shareholders' meeting shall be executed by the secretary, assistant secretary or any transfer agent of the corporation giving such notice, and shall be filed and maintained in the minute book of the corporation. 
 Section 6. QUORUM. The presence in person or by proxy of the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote at any meeting of shareholders shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. The shareholders present at a duly called or held meeting at which a quorum is present may continue to do business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough shareholders to leave less than a quorum, if any action taken (other than adjournment) is approved by at least a majority of the shares required to constitute a quorum. 
 Section 7. ADJOURNED MEETING AND NOTICE THEREOF. Any shareholders' meeting, annual or special, whether or not a quorum is present, may be adjourned from time to time by the vote of the majority of the shares represented at such meeting, either in person or by proxy, but in the absence of a quorum, no other business may be transacted at such meeting. 
When any meeting of shareholders, either annual or special, is adjourned to another time or place, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at a meeting at which the adjournment is taken, unless a new record date for the adjourned meeting is fixed, or unless the adjournment is for more than forty-five (45) days from the date set for the original meeting, in which case the board of directors shall set a new record date. Notice of any such adjourned meeting shall be given to each shareholder of record entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting in accordance with the provisions of Sections 4 and 5 of this Article II. At any adjourned meeting the corporation may t ransact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. 
 Section 8. VOTING. Unless a record date set for voting purposes be fixed as provided in Section I of Article VII of these bylaws, then subject to the provisions of Section 702 to Section 704, inclusive, of the Corporations Code of California, only persons in whose names shares entitled to vote stand on the stock records of the corporation at the close of business on the business day next preceding the day on which notice is given (or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the business day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held) shall be entitled to vote at such meeting. Any shareholder entitled to vote on any matter other than elections of directors or officers, may vote part of the shares in favor of the proposal and refrain from voting the remaining shares or vote them against the proposal, but, if the shareholder fails to specify the number of shares such shareholder is voting affirmatively, it will be conclusively presumed that the shareholder's approving vote is with respect to all shares such shareholder is entitled to vote. Such vote may be by voice vote or by ballot; provided, however, that all elections for directors must be by ballot upon demand by a shareholder at any election and before the voting begins. 
At a shareholders' meeting involving the election of directors, no shareholder shall be entitled to cumulate votes (i.e., cast for any one or more candidates a number of votes grea ter than 
   
 3 
 
 
the number of the shareholder's shares) unless such candidate or candidates' names have been placed in nomination prior to the voting and a shareholder has given notice prior to the voting of the shareholder's intention to cumulate votes. If any shareholder has given such notice, then every shareholder entitled to vote may cumulate such shareholder's votes for candidates in nomination and give one candidate a number of votes equal to the number of directors to be elected multiplied by the number of votes to which such shareholder's shares are entitled, or distribute the shareholder's votes on the same principle among any or all of the candidates, as the shareholder thinks fit. The candidates receiving the highe st number of votes up to the number of directors to be elected shall be elected. 
 Section 9. WAIVER OF NOTICE OR CONSENT BY ABSENT SHAREHOLDERS. The transactions at any meeting of shareholders, either annual or special, however called and noticed, and wherever held, shall be as valid as though had at a meeting duly held after regular call and notice, if a quorum be present either in person or by proxy, and if, either before or after the meeting, each person entitled to vote, not present in person or by proxy, signs a written waiver of notice or a consent to a holding of the meeting, or an approval of the minutes thereof. The waiver of notice or consent need not specify either the business to be transacted or the purpose of any regular or special meeting of shareholders, except that if action is taken or proposed to be taken for approval of any of those matters specified in the second paragraph of Section 4 of this Article II, the waiver of notice or consent shall state the general nature of such proposal. All such waivers, consents or approvals shall be filed with the corporate records or made a part of the minutes of the meeting. 
Attendance of a person at a meeting shall also constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person objects, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened, and except that attendance at a meeting is not a waiver of any right to object to the consideration of matters  not included in the notice if such objection is expressly made at the meeting. 
 Section 10. SHAREHOLDER ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING. Any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of shareholders may be taken without a meeting and without prior notice, if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, is signed by the holders of outstanding shares having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. In the case of election of directors, such consent shall be effective only if signed by the holders of all outstanding shares entitled to vote for the election of directors. All such consents shall be filed with the secretary of the corporation and shall be maintained in the corporate records. Any shareholder giving a written consent, or the shareholder's proxy holders, or a transferee of the shares or a personal representative of the shareholder or their respective proxy holders, may revoke the consent by a writing received by the secretary of the corporation prior to the time that written consents of the number of shares required to auth orize the proposed action have been filed with the secretary. 
   
 4 
 
 
If the consents of all shareholders entitled to vote have not been solicited in writing, and if the unanimous written consent of all such shareholders shall not have been received, the secretary shall give prompt notice of the corporate action approved by the shareholders without a meeting. Such notice shall be given in the manner specified in Section 5 of this Article II. In the case of approval of (i) contracts or transactions in which a director has a direct or indirect financial interest, pursuant to Section 310 of the Corporations Code of California, (ii) indemnification of agents of the corporation, pursuant to Section 317 of such Code, (iii) a reorganization of the corporation, pursuant to Section 1201 of such Code, and (iv) a distribution to preferred shareholders, pursuant to Section 2007 of such Code, such notice shall be given at least ten (10) days before the consummation of  any such action authorized by any such approval. 
 Section 11. PROXIES. Every person entitled to vote for directors or on any other matter shall have the right to do so either in person or by one or more agents authorized by a written proxy signed by the person and filed with the secretary of the corporation. A proxy shall be deemed signed if the shareholder's name is placed on the proxy (whether by manual signature, typewriting, telegraphic transmission or otherwise) by the shareholder or the shareholder's attorney in fact. A validly executed proxy which does not state that it is irrevocable shall continue in full force and effect unless revoked by the person executing it, prior to the vote pursuant thereto, by a writing delivered to the corporation stating that the proxy is revoked or by a subsequent proxy executed by, or attendance at the meeting and voting in person by the person executing the proxy; provided, however, that no such proxy shall be valid after the expiration of eleven (11) months from the date of such proxy, unless otherwise provided in the proxy. The revocability of a proxy that states on its face that it is irrevocable shall be governed by the provisions of Section 705(e) and (f) of the Corporations Code of California. 
 Section 12. INSPECTORS OF ELECTION. Before any meeting of shareholders, the board of directors may appoint any persons other than nominees for office to act as inspectors of election at the meeting or its adjournment. If no inspectors of election are appointed, the chairman of the meeting may, and on the request of any shareholder or his proxy shall, appoint inspectors of election at the meeting. The number of inspectors shall be either one (1) or three (3). If inspectors are appointed at a meeting on the request of one or more shareholders or proxies, the holders of a majority of shares or their proxies present at the meeting shall determine whether one (1) or three (3) inspectors are to be appointed. If any person appointed as inspector fails to appear or fails or refuses to act, the vacancy may be filled by appointment by the board of directors before the meeting, or by the chairman at the meeting. 
 The duties of these inspectors shall be as follows: 
   
   (a)Determine the number of shares outstanding and the voting power of each, the shares represented at the meeting, the existence of a quorum, and the authenticity, validity, and effec t of proxies; 
   
   (b) Receive votes, ballots, or consents; 
   
   (c)Hear and determine all challenges and questions in any way arising in connection with the right to vote; 
   
 5 
 
 
   (d) Count and tabulate all votes or consents; 
   
   (e) Determine the election result; and 
   
   (f)Do any other acts that may be proper to conduct the election or vote with fairness to all shareholders. 
 Section 13. NOMINATION OF DIRECTORS. Nominations for election of members of the board of directors may be made by the board of directors or by any shareholder of any outstanding class of capital stock of the corporation entitled to vote for the election of directors. Notice of intention to make any nominations (other than for persons named in the notice of the meeting at which such nomination is to be made) shall be made in writing and shall be delivered or mailed to the President or to the Chief Executive Officer of the corporation no more than sixty (60) days prior to any meeting of shareholders called for the election of directors and no more than ten (10) days after the date the notice of such meeting is sent to shareholders pursuant to Section 4 of Article II of these Bylaws; provided, however, that if ten (10) days' notice of such meeting is sent to shareholders, such notice of intention to nominate must be received by the President or by the Chief Executive Officer of the corporation not later than time fixed in the notice of the meeting for the opening of the meeting. Such notification shall contain the following information to the extent known to the notifying shareholder: (a) the name and address of each proposed nominee; (b) the principal occupation of each proposed nominee; (c) the number of shares of capital stock of the corporation owned by each proposed nominee; (d) the name and residence address of the notifying shareholder; (e) the number of shares of capital stock of the corporation owned by the notifying shareholder; (f) with the written consent of the proposed nominee, a copy of which shall be furnished with  the notification, whether the proposed nominee has ever been convicted of or pleaded  nolo contendere to any criminal offense involving dishonesty or breach of trust, filed a petition in bankruptcy, or been adjudged a bankrupt. The notice shall be signed by the nominating shareholder and by the nominee. Nominations not made in accordance herewith shall be disregarded by the Chairman of the meeting and, upon his instructions, the inspectors of election shall disregard all votes cast for each such nominee. The restrictions set forth in this paragraph shall not apply to nomination of a person to replace a proposed nominee who has died or otherwise become incapacitated to serve as a director between the last day for giving notice hereunder and the date of election of directors if the procedure called for in this p aragraph was followed with respect to the nomination of the proposed nominee. 
A copy of the preceding paragraph shall be set forth in the notice to shareholders of any meeting at which directors are to be elected. 
   
 6 
 
 
 ARTICLE III 
 DIRECTORS 
 Section 1. POWERS. Subject to the provisions of the California General Corporation Law and any limitations in the articles of incorporation and these bylaws relating to action required to be approved by the shareholders or by the outstanding shares, the business and affairs of the corporation shall be managed and all corporate powers shall be exercised by or under the direct ion of the board of directors. 
Without prejudice to such general powers, but subject to the same limitations, it is hereby expressly declared that the directors shall have the power and authority to: 
   
   (a)Select and remove all officers, agents, and employees of the corporation, prescribe such powers and duties for them as may not be inconsistent with law, with the articles of incorporation or these bylaws, fix their compensation, and require from them security for faithful service. 
   
   (b)Change the principal executive office or the principal business office in the State from one location to another; cause the corporation to be qualified to do business in any other state, territory, dependency, or foreign country and conduct business within or without the State; designate any place within or without the State for the holding of any shareholders' meeting, or meetings, including annual meetings; adopt, make and use a corporate seal, and prescribe the forms of certificates of stock, and alter the form of such seal and of such certificates from time to time as in their judgment they may deem best, provided that such forms shall at all times comply with the provisions of law. 
   
   (c)Authorize the issuance of shares of stock of the corporation from time to time, upon such terms as may be lawful, in consideration of money paid, labor done or services actually re ndered, debts or securities canceled, tangible or intangible property actually received. 
   
   (d)Borrow money and incur indebtedness for the purpose of the corporation, and cause to be executed and delivered therefor, in the corporate name, promissory notes, bonds, debentures, deeds of trust, mortgages, pledges, hypothecations, or other evidences of debt and securities therefor. 
 Section 2. NUMBER AND QUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS. The authorized number of directors shall be not less than nine (9) nor more than seventeen (17). The number of directors on the Board may be changed, or a definite number may be fixed without provisions for an indefinite number, by a duly adopted amendment to the Articles of Incorporation or by an amendment to this bylaw, duly adopted by the vote or written consent of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote; provided, however, that an amendment reducing the fixed number or the minimum number of directors to a number less than five (5) cannot be adopted if the votes cast against its adoption at a meeting, or the shares not consenting in the case of an action by written consent, are equal to more than sixteen and two-thirds percent (16-2/3%) of the outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon. Subject to the foregoing provisions for changing the number of directors, the numb er of directors is initially fixed at eleven (11). 
   
 7 
 
 
 Section 3. ELECTION AND TERM OF OFFICE OF DIRECTORS. Directors shall be elected at each annual meeting of the shareholders to hold office until the next annual meeting, but if any such annual meeting is not held or the directors are not elected at any annual meeting, the directors may be elected at any special meeting of shareholders held for that purpose, or at the next annual meeting of shareholders held thereafter. Each director, including a director elected to fill a vacancy, shall hold office until the expiration of the term for which elected and until a successor has been elected and qualified or until his earlier resignation or removal or his office has been declared vacant in the manner provided in these bylaws. 
 Section 4. RESIGNATION AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS. Any director may resign effective upon giving written notice to the chairman of the board, the president, the secretary or the board of directors of the corporation, unless the notice specified a later time for the effectiveness of such resignation, in which case such resignation shall be effective at the time specified. Unless such resignation specified otherwise, its acceptance by the corporation shall not be necessary to make it effective. The board of directors may declare vacant the office of a director who has been declared of unsound mind by an order of court or convicted of a felony. Any or all of the directors may be removed without cause if such removal is approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote provided that no director may be removed (unless the entire board is removed) when the votes cast against removal (or, if such action is taken by written consent, the shares held by persons not consenting in writing to such removal) would be sufficient to elect such director if voted cumulatively at an election at which the same total number of votes were cast (or, if such action is taken by written consent, all shares entitled to vote were voted) and the entire number of directors authorized at the time of the director's most recent election were then being elected. No reduction of the authorized number of directors shall have the effect of removing any director b efore his term of office expires. 
 Section 5. VACANCIES. Vacancies in the board of directors may be filled by a majority of the remaining directors, though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, except that a vacancy created by the removal of a director by the vote or written consent of the shareholders or by court order may be filled only by approval of the shareholders. Each director so elected shall hold office until the next annual meeting of the shareholders and until a successor has been elected and qualified. 
A vacancy in the board of directors exists as to any authorized position of director which is not then filled by a duly elected director, whether caused by death, resignation, remo val, increase in the authorized number of directors or otherwise. 
The shareholder may elect a director or directors at any time to fill any vacancy or vacancies not filled by the directors, but any such election by written consent shall require the consent of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote. If the resignation of a director is effective at a future time, the board of directors may elect a successor to  take office when the resignation becomes effective. 
   
 8 
 
 
If after the filing of any vacancy by the directors, the directors then in office who have been elected by the shareholders shall constitute less than a majority of the directors then in office, any holder or holders of an aggregate of five percent or more of the total number of shares at the time outstanding having the right to vote for such directors may call a special meeting of the shareholders to elect the entire board. The term of office of any director not elected by the shareholders shall terminate upon the election of a succe ssor. 
 Section 6. PLACE OF MEETINGS. Regular meetings of the board of directors shall be held at any place within or without the State that has been designated from time to time by resolution of the board. In the absence of such designation, regular meetings shall be held at the principal executive office of the corporation. Special meetings of the board shall be held at any place within or without the State that has been designated in the notice of the meeting or, if not stated in the notice or there is not notice, at the principal executive office of the corporation. Any meeting, regular or special, may be held by conference telephone or similar communication equipment, so long as all director participating in such meeting can hear one another , and all such directors shall be deemed to be present in person at such meeting. 
 Section 7. ANNUAL MEETINGS. Immediately following each annual meeting of shareholders, the board of directors shall hold a regular meeting for the purpose of transaction of other business. Notice of this me eting shall not be required. 
 Section 8. OTHER REGULAR MEETINGS. Other regular meetings of the board of directors shall be held without call at such time as shall from time to time be fixed by the board of directors. Such regular meetings may be held without notice, provided the notice of any change in the time of any such meetings shall be given to all of the directors. Notice of a change in the determination of the time shall be given to each director in the same manner as notice for special meetings of the board of directors. 
 Section 9. SPECIAL MEETINGS. Special meetings of the board of directors for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the chairman of the board or the president or any vice president or the secret ary or any two directors. 
Notice of the time and place of special meetings shall be delivered personally or by telephone to each director or sent by first-class mail or telegram, charges prepaid, addressed to each director at his or her address as it is shown upon the records of the corporation. In case such notice is mailed, it shall be deposited in the United States mail at least four (4) days prior to the time of the holding of the meeting. In case such notice is delivered personally, or by telephone or telegram, it shall be delivered personally or by telephone or to the telegraph company at least forty-eight (48) hours prior to the time of the holding of the meeting. Any oral notice given personally or by telephone may be communicated to either the director or to a person at the office of the director who the person given the notice has reason to believe will promptly communicate it to the director. The notice need not specify the purpose of the meeting nor the place if the meeting is to be held at the principal executive office of the corporation. 
   
 9 
 
 
 Section 10. QUORUM. A majority of the authorized number of directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, except to adjourn as hereinafter provided. Every act or decision done or made by a majority of the directors present at a meeting duly held at which a quorum is present shall be regarded as the act of the board of directors, subject to the provisions of Section 310 of the Corporations Code of California (approval of contracts or transactions which a director has a direct or indirect material financial interest), Section 311 (appointment of committees), and Section 317(e) (indemnification of directors). A meeting at which a quorum is initially present may continue to transact business notwithstanding the withdrawal of directors, if any action taken is approved by at least a majority of the required quorum for such meeting. 
 Section 11. WAIVER OF NOTICE. The transactions of any meeting of the board of directors, however called and noticed or wherever held, shall be as valid as though had at a meeting duly held after regular call and notice if a quorum be present and if, either before or after the meeting, each of the directors not present signs a written waiver of notice, a consent to holding the meeting or an approval of the minutes thereof The waiver of notice or consent need not specify the purpose of the meeting. All such waiver, consents and approvals shall be filed with the corporate records or made a part of the minutes of the meeting. Notice of a meeting shall also be deemed given to any director who attends the meeting without protesting, prior there to or at its commencement, the lack of notice to such director. 
 Section 12. ADJOURNMENT. A majority of the directors present, whether or not constituting a quorum, may adjourn any meeting to another time and place. 
 Section 13. NOTICE OF ADJOURNMENT. Notice of the time and place of holding an adjourned meeting need not be given, unless the meeting is adjourned for more than twenty-four (24) hours, in which case notice of such time and place shall be given prior to the time of the adjourned meeting, in the manner specified in Section 8 of this Article III, to the directors who were not present at the ti me of the adjournment. 
 Section 14. ACTION WITHOUT MEETING. Any action required or permitted to be taken by the board of directors may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the board shall individually or collectively consent in writing to such action. Such action by written consent shall have the same force and effect as a unanimous vote of the board of directors. Such written consent or consents shall be  filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the board. 
 Section 15. FEES AND COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS. Directors and members of committees may receive such compensation, if any, for their services, and such reimbursement of expenses, as may be fixed or determined by resolution of the board of directors. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any director from servicing the corporation in any other capacity as an office, agent, employee, or  otherwise, and receiving compensation for such services. 
   
 10 
 
 
 ARTICLE IV 
 COMMITTEES 
 Section 1. COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS. The board of directors may, by resolution adopted by a majority of the authorized number of directors, designate one or more committees, each consisting of two or more directors, to serve at the pleasure of the board. The board may designate, to serve at the pleasure of the board. The board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent member at any meeting of the committee. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the board, shall have all the authority  of the board, except with respect to: 
   
   (a)the approval of any action which, under the General Corporation Law of California, also requires shareholders' approval or approval of the outstanding shares; 
   
   (b) the filing of vacancies on the board of directors or in any committee; 
   
   (c) the fixing of compensation of the directors for serving on the board or on any committee; 
   
   (d) the amendment or repeal of bylaws or the adoption of new bylaws; 
   
   (e)the amendment or repeal of any resolution of the board of directors which by its express terms is not so amendable or repealable; 
   
   (f)a distribution to the shareholders of the corporation, except at a rate or in a periodic amount or within a price range determined by the board of directors; or 
   
   (g) the appointment of any other committees of the board of directors or the members thereof. 
 Section 2. MEETINGS AND ACTION OF COMMITTEES. Meetings and action of committees shall be governed by, and held and taken in accordance with, the provisions of Article III, Sections 6 (place of meetings), 8 (regular meetings), 9 (special meetings and notice), 10 (quorum), 11 (waiver of notice), 12 (adjournment), 13 (notice of adjournment) and 14 (action without meeting), with such changes in the context of those bylaws as are necessary to substitute the committee and its members for the board of directors and its members, except that the time of regular meetings of committees may be determined by resolution of the board of directors as well as the committee, special meetings of committees may also be called by resolutions of the board of directors and notice of special meetings of committees shall also be given to all alternate members, who shall have the right to attend all meetings of the committee. The board of directors may ado pt rules for the government of any committee not inconsistent with the provisions of these bylaws. 
   
 11 
 
 
 ARTICLE V 
 OFFICERS 
 Section 1. OFFICERS. The officers of the corporation shall be a president, a secretary and a chief financial officer. The corporation may also have, at the discretion of the board of directors, a chairman of the board, one or more vice presidents, one or more assistant secretaries, one or more assistant treasurers, and such other officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of Section 3 of this Article V. Any two or more offices may be held by the same person. 
 Section 2. ELECTION OF OFFICERS. The officers of the corporation, except such officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of Section 3 or Section 5 of this Article V, shall be chosen by the board of directors, and such shall serve at the pleasure of the board, subject to the rights, if any, of an officers under any contract of employment. 
 Section 3. SUBORDINATE OFFICERS, ETC. The board of directors may appoint, and may empower the president to appoint, such other officers as the business of the corporation may require, each of whom shall hold office for such period, have such authority and perform such duties as are provided in the bylaws or as the board of directors may from time to time determine. 
 Section 4. REMOVAL AND RESIGNATION OF OFFICERS. Subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of employment, any officer may be removed, either with or without cause, by the board of directors, at any regular or special meeting thereof, or, except in case of an officer chosen by the board of directors, by any officer upon whom such power or removal may be conferred by the board of dire ctors. 
Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the corporation. Any such resignation shall take effect at the date of the receipt of such notice or at any later time specified therein; and, unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Any such resignation is without prejud ice to the rights, if any, of the corporation under any contract to which the officer is a party. 
 Section 5. VACANCIES IN OFFICES. A vacancy in any office because of death, resignation, removal, disqualification or any other cause shall be filled in the manner prescribed in these bylaws for regular appointme nts to such office. 
 Section 6. CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD. The chairman of the board, if such an officer be elected, shall, if present, preside at all meetings of the board of directors and exercise and perform such other powers and duties as may be from time to time assigned to him by the board of directors or prescribed by the bylaws. If there is no president, the chairman of the board shall in addition be the chief executive officer of the corporation and shall have the powers and duties prescribed in Section 7 of this Article V. 
 Section 7. PRESIDENT. Subject to such supervisory powers, if any, as may be given by the board of directors to the chairman of the board, if there be such an officer, the president shall 
   
 12 
 
 
be the chief executive officer of the corporation and shall, subject to the control of the board of directors, have general supervision, direction and control of the business and the officers of the corporation. He shall preside at all meetings of the shareholders and, in the absence of the chairman of the board, or if there be none, at all meetings of the board of directors. He shall have the general powers and duties of management usually vested in the office of president of a corporation, and shall have such other powers and duties  as may be prescribed by the board of directors or the bylaws. 
 Section 8. VICE PRESIDENTS. In the absence or disability of the president, the vice presidents, if any, in order of their rank as fixed by the board of directors or, if not ranked, a vice president designated by the board of directors shall perform all the duties of the president, and when so acting shall have all the powers of, and be subject to all the restrictions upon, the president. The vice presidents shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as from time to time may be prescribed for them respectively by the board of directors or the by laws, the president or the chairman of the board. 
 Section 9. SECRETARY. The secretary shall keep or cause to be kept, at the principal executive office or such other place as the board of directors may order, a book of minutes of all meetings of directors, committees of directors and shareholders, with the time and place of holding, whether regular or special, and, if special, how authorized, the notice thereof given, the names of those present at directors' and committee meetings, the number of shares present or represented at shareholders' meetings, and the proceedings thereof. 
The secretary shall keep, or cause to be kept, at the principal executive office or at the office of the corporation's transfer agent or registrar, as determined by resolution of the board of directors, a share register, or a duplicate share register, showing the names of all shareholders and their addresses, the number and classes of shares held by each, the number and date of certificates issued for the same, and the number and date of cancellation of every certificate surrendered for cancellation. 
The secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the shareholders and of the board of directors required by the bylaws or bylaw to be given, and he shall keep the seal of the corporation in safe custody, as may be prescribed by the board of directors or by the bylaws. 
 Section 10. CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER. The chief financial officer shall keep and maintain, or cause to be kept and maintained, adequate and correct books and records of accounts of the properties and business transactions of the corporation, including accounts of its assets, liabilities, receipts, disbursements, gains, losses, capital, retained earnings and shares. The books of account shall a t all reasonable times be open to inspection by any director. 
The chief financial officer shall deposit all moneys and other valuables in the name and to the credit of the corporation with such depositaries as may be designated by the board of directors. He shall disburse the funds of the corporation as may be ordered by the board of directors, shall render to the president and directors, whenever they request it, an account of all of his transactions as chief financial officer and of the financial condition of the corporation, and shall have other powers and perform such other duties as may be  prescribed by the board of directors or the bylaws. 
   
 13 
 
 
 ARTICLE VI 
 INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS 
 OF THE CORPORATION; PURCHASE OF LIABILITY INSURANCE 
 Section 1. RIGHT TO INDEMNIFICATION. Each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (hereinafter a "proceeding"), by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or officer of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee or agent, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the corporation to the fullest extent authorized by the General Corporation Law of the State of California as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than such law permitted the corporation to provide prior to amendment), against all expenses, liability and loss (including attorneys' fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such indemnity in connection therewith and such indemnification shall continue as to an indemnity who has ceased to be a director or officer and shall inure to the benefit of the indemnity's heirs, executors and administrators; provided, however, that except as provided in Section 2 of this Article VI with respect to proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification, the corporation shall indemnify any such indemnitee in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such indemnitee only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of Directors of the corporation. The right to indemnification conferred in this Article VI shall be a contract right and shall include the right to be paid by the corporation the expenses incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition (hereinafter an "advancement of expenses"); provided, however, that if the General Corporation Law of the State of California shall so require, an advancement of expenses incurred by an indemnitee in his or her capacity as a director or officer shall be made only upon delivery to the corporation of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal that such indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under this Article VI or otherwise (hereinafter an "undertaking"), which undertaking shall be accepted from the ind emnitee without reference to indemnitee's financial ability to repay. 
 Section 2. RIGHT OF INDEMNITEE TO BRING SUIT. If a claim under Section I of this Article VI is not paid in full by the corporation within 90 days after a written claim has been received by the corporation (or such shorter period of time, if any, provided by a contract entered into with indemnitee, if any, pursuant to Section 6 of this Article VI), the indemnitee may at any time thereafter bring suit against the corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim. If successful in whole or in part in any suit or in a suit brought by the corporation to recover an 
   
 14 
 
 
advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the indemnitee shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting or defending such suit. If the indemnitee has not met any applicable standard of conduct set forth in the General Corporation Law of the State of California: (i) it shall be a defense in any suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder (but not in a suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to an advancement of expenses); and (ii) in any suit by the corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking the corporation shall be entitled to recover such expenses. Neither the failure of the corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel, or its shareholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such suit that indemnification of the indemnitee is proper in the circumstances because the indemnitee has met any applicable standard of conduct set forth in the General Corporation Law of the State of California, nor an actual determination by the corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel, or its shareholders) that the indemnitee has not met any such applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption that the indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct or, in the case of such a suit brought by the indemnitee, be a  defense to such suit. 
 Section 3. NON-EXCLUSIVITY RIGHTS. The rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses conferred in this Article VI shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, the Articles of Incorporation, these Bylaws, any agreement, the vote of shareholders or disinterested directors or otherwise. 
 Section 4. INSURANCE. The corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation or other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liabi lity or loss under the General Corporation Law of California. 
 Section 5. OTHER INDEMNIFICATION. The corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors, grant rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to any director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, whether or not acting in his or her capacity as such or at the request of the corporation, to the fullest extent of the provisions of this Article VI with respect to the indemnification and advancement of expenses of directors and officers of the corporation. 
 Section 6. AUTHORIZATION FOR CONTRACTS. The Board of Directors may, without shareholder approval, authorize the corporation to enter into agreements, including any amendments or modifications thereto, with any of its directors, officers or other persons described in Section I of this Article VI providing for indemnification of such persons to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law and  the corporation's Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. 
 Section 7. EFFECT OF AMENDMENT. Any amendment, repeal or modification of any provision of this Article VI shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director, officer, employee or agent of the corp oration existing at the time of such amendment, repeal or modification. 
   
 15 
 
 
 ARTICLE VII 
 RECORDS AND REPORTS 
 Section 1. MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION OF SHARE REGISTER. The corporation shall keep at its principal executive office, or at the office of its transfer agent or registrar, if either be appointed and as determined by resolution of the board of directors, a record of its shareholders, given the names and addresses of all shareholders and the number and class of shares held by each shareholder. 
A shareholder or shareholders of the corporation holding at least five percent (5%) in the aggregate of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation may (i) inspect and copy the records of shareholders' names and addresses and shareholdings during usual business hours upon five days prior written demand upon the corporation, and/or (ii) obtain from the transfer agent of the corporation, upon written demand and upon the tender of such transfer agent's usual charges for such list, a list of the shareholders' names and addresses, who are entitled to vote for the election of directors, and their shareholdings, as of the most recent record date for which such list has been compiled or as of a date specified by the shareholder subsequent to the date of demand. Such list shall be made available by the transfer agent on or before the later of five (5) days after the demand is received or the date specified therein as the date as of which the list is to be compiled. The record of shareholders shall also be open to inspection upon the written demand of any shareholder or holder of a voting trust certificate, at any time during usual business hours, for a purpose reasonably related to such holder's interests as a shareholder or as the holder of a voting trust certificate. Any inspection and copying under this Section may be made in person or by an agent or attorney of the shareholder or holder of a voting trust certificate  making such demand. 
 Section 2. MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION OF BYLAWS. The corporation shall keep at its principal executive office, or if its principal executive office is not in this state at its principal business office in this state, the original or a copy of the bylaws as amended to date, which shall be open to inspection by the shareholders at all reasonable times during office hours. If the principal executive office of the corporation is outside this state and the corporation has no principal business office in this state, the secretary shall, upon the written request of any shareholder, furni sh to such shareholder a copy of the bylaws as amended to date. 
 Section 3. MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION OF OTHER CORPORATE RECORDS. The accounting books and records and minutes of proceedings of the shareholders and the board of directors and any committee or committees of the board of directors shall be kept at such place or places designated by the board of directors, or, in the absence of such designation, at the principal executive office of the corporation. The minutes shall be kept in written form and the accounting books and records shall be kept either in written form or in any other form capable of being converted into written form. Such minutes and accounting books and records shall be open to inspection upon the written demand of any shareholder or holder of a voting trust certificate, at any reasonable time during usual business hours, for a purpose reasonably related to such holder's interests as a shareholder or as the holder of a voting trust certificate. Such inspection may be made in person or by a n agent or attorney, and shall include the right to copy and make extracts. 
   
 16 
 
 
A shareholder or shareholders holding at least five percent in the aggregate of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation or who hold at least one percent of such voting shares and have filed a Schedule 14B with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the election of directors of the corporation shall have (in person or by agent or attorney) the absolute right to inspect and copy the records of shareholders' names and addresses and shareholdings during usual business hours upon five business days prior written demand upon the corporation and to obtain from the transfer agent for the corporation, upon written demand and upon the tender of its usual charges, a list of the shareholders' names and addresses, who are entitled to vote for the election of directors, and their shareholdings, as of the most recent record date for which it has been compiled or as of a date specified by the shareholder subsequent to the date of demand. The list shall be made available on or before the later of five business days after the demand is received or  the date specified therein as the date of which the list is to be compiled. 
Every director shall have the absolute right at any reasonable time to inspect and copy all books, records and documents of every kind and to inspect the physical properties of this corporation and any subsidiary of this corporation. Such inspection by a director may be made in person or by agent or attorney and the right of inspection includes the right to  copy and make extracts. 
The foregoing rights of inspection shall extend to the records of each subsidiary of the corporation. 
 Section 4. ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS. The annual report to shareholders referred to in Section 1501 of the General Corporation Law is expressly dispensed with, but nothing herein shall be interpreted as prohibiting the board of directors from issuing annual or other periodic reports to the shareholders of the corporations as they deem appropriate. 
 Section 5. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. A copy of any annual financial statement and any income statement of the corporation for each quarterly period of each fiscal year, and any accompanying balance sheet of the corporation as of the end of each such period, that has been prepared by the corporation shall be kept on file in the principal executive office of the corporation for twelve (12) months and each such statement shall be exhibited at all reasonable times to any shareholder demanding an examination of any such statement or a copy shall be mailed to any such shareh older. 
If a shareholder or shareholders holding at least five percent (5%) of the outstanding shares of any class of stock of the corporation makes a written request to the corporation for an income statement of the corporation for the three-month, six-month or nine-month period of the then current fiscal year ended more than thirty (30) days prior to the date of the request, and a balance sheet of the corporation as of the end of such period, the chief financial officer shall cause such statement to be prepared, if not already prepared, and shall deliver personally or mail such statement or statements to the person making the request within thirty (30) days after the receipt of such request. If the corporation has not sent to the shareholders its annual report for the last fiscal year, this report shall likewise be delivered or mailed to such shareholder or shareholders within thirty (30) days  after such request. 
   
 17 
 
 
The corporation also shall, upon the written request of any shareholder, mail to the shareholder a copy of the last annual, semi-annual or quarterly income statement which it has p repared and a balance sheet as of the end of such period. 
The quarterly income statements and balance sheets referred to in this section shall be accompanied by the report thereon, if any, of any independent accountants engaged by the corporation or the certificate of an authorized officer of the corporation that such financial statement were prepared without audit from the books and records of the corporation. 
 Section 6. ANNUAL STATEMENT OF GENERAL INFORMATION. The corporation shall, in a timely manner, in each year, file with the Secretary of State of California, on the prescribed form, a statement setting forth the authorized number of Directors, the names and complete business or residence addresses of all incumbent Directors, the names and complete business or residence addresses of the Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, and Chief Financial Officer, the street address of its principal executive office or principal business office in this state and the general type of business constituting the principal business activity of the corporation, together with a designation of the agent of the corporation for the purpose of the service of process, all in compliance wi th California Corporations Code Section 1502. 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 GENERAL CORPORATE MATTERS 
 Section 1. RECORD DATE. For purposes of determining the shareholders entitled to notice of any meeting or to vote or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any other lawful action, the board of directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than sixty (60) days nor less than ten (10) days prior to the date of any such meeting nor more than sixty (60) days prior to any other action, and in such case only shareholders of record on the date so fixed are entitled to notice and to vote or to receive the dividend, distribution or allotment of rights or to exercise the rights, as the case may be, notwithstanding any transfer of any shares on the books of the corporation after the record date fixed as aforesaid, except as otherwise provided in the California General Corporation Law. 
 If the board of directors does not so fix a record date: 
   
   (a)The record date for determining shareholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of shareholders shall be at the close of business on the business day next preceding the day on which notice is given or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the business day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. 
   
   (b)The record date for determining shareholders entitled to give consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the board has been taken, shall be t he day on which the first written consent is given. 
   
 18 
 
 
   (c)The record date for determining shareholders for any other purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the board adopts the resolution relating thereto, or the si xtieth (60th) day prior to the date of such other action, whichever is later. 
 Section 2. CHECKS, DRAFTS, EVIDENCES OF INDEBTEDNESS. All checks, drafts or other orders for payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness, issued in the name of or payable to the corporation, shall be signed or endorsed by such person or persons and in such manner as, from time to time, shall be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors. 
 Section 3. CORPORATE CONTRACTS AND INSTRUMENTS, HOW EXECUTED. The board of directors, except as in the bylaws otherwise provided, may authorize any officer or officers, agent or agents, to enter into any contract or execute any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the corporation, and such authority may be general or confined to specific instances; and, unless so authorized or ratified by the board of directors or within the agency power of an officer, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power or authority to bind the corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its cr edit or to render it liable for any purpose or to any amount. 
 Section 4. STOCK CERTIFICATES. A certificate or certificates for shares of the capital stock of the corporation shall be issued to each shareholder when any such shares are fully paid, and the board of directors may authorize the issuance of certificates or shares as partly paid provided that such certificates shall state the amount of the consideration to be paid therefor and the amount paid thereon. All certificates shall be signed in the name of the corporation by the chairman of the board or vice chairman of the board or the president or vice president and by the chief financial officer or an assistant treasurer or the secretary or any assistant secretary, certifying the number of shares and the class or series of shares owned by the shareholder. Any or all of the signatures on the certificates may be facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the corporation with the same ef fect as if such person were an officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. 
Any such certificate shall also contain such legend or other statement as may be required by Section 418 of the General Corporation Law, the Corporate Securities Law of 1968, and any agreement between the corporation and the issuee thereof, and may contain such legend or other statement as may be required by any other applicable law or regulation or agreemen t. 
 Section 5. LOST CERTIFICATES. Except as hereinafter in this Section provided, no new certificates for shares shall be issued in lieu of an old certificate unless the latter is surrendered to the corporation a nd canceled at the same time. The board of directors may in case any share 
   
 19 
 
 
certificate or certificate for any other security is lost, stolen or destroyed, authorize the issuance of a new certificate in lieu thereof, upon such terms and conditions as the board may require, including provision for indemnification of the corporation secured by a bond or other adequate security sufficient to protect the corporation against any claim that may be made against it, including any expense or liability, on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate. 
 Section 6. REPRESENTATION OF SHARES OF OTHER CORPORATIONS. The chairman of the board, the president, or any vice president, or any other person authorized by resolution of the board of directors by any of the foregoing designated officers, is authorized to vote on behalf of the corporation any and all shares of any other corporation or corporations, foreign or domestic, standing in the name of the corporation. The authority herein granted to said officers to vote or represent on behalf of the corporation any and all shares held by the corporation in any other corporation or corporations may be exercised by any such officer in person or by any person authorized to do so by proxy duly executed by said officer. 
 Section 7. CONSTRUCTION AND DEFINITIONS. Unless the context requires otherwise, the general provisions, rules of construction and definitions in the California General Corporation Law shall govern the construction of the bylaws. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the singular number includes the plural, the plural number includes the singular, and the term "person" includes both a corporation and a natural person. All references in these bylaws to the California Corporation Law or sections of the California Corporation Code shall be deemed to be such law or sections as they may be amended and in effect, and, if renumbered, to such renumbered provisions, at the time of any action taken under the bylaws. 
 ARTICLE IX 
 AMENDMENTS 
 Section 1. AMENDMENT BY SHAREHOLDERS. New bylaws may be adopted or these bylaws maybe amended or repealed by the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote, or by the written assent of shareholders entitled to vote such shares, except as otherwise provided by law or by the articles of incorporation. 
 Section 2. AMENDMENT BY DIRECTORS. Subject to the rights of the shareholders as provided in Section I of this Article, bylaws other than a bylaw or an amendment thereof changing the authorized number of directors  may be adopted, amended or repealed by the board of directors. 
   
 20 
