 htm 113643 Articles of incorporation 3 2016-07-16T08:58:15.309458-05:00 Filing 0001171843-15-001395 2015-03-13 10-K Annual  & Quarterly Reports 0000898437 Anika Therapeutics, Inc. ANIK COM Nasdaq Global Market 2836 Biological Products, Except Diagnostic Substances No MASSACHUSETTS MASSACHUSETTS MASSACHUSETTS ANIKA THERAPEUTICS INC;ANIKA RESEARCH INC true Accelerated Filer 001-14027 EXHIBIT 3.1A Exhibit Exhibit 2 exh_31a.htm EX-3.1A 2 exh_31a.htm EXHIBIT 3.1A 
 
 EXHIBIT 3.1a 
   
 
   
 The Commonwealth of Massachusetts 
   
   
 MICHAEL JOSEPH CONNOLLY 
 Secretary of State 
 ONE ASHBURTON PLACE, BOSTON, MASS. 02108 
   
 RESTATED ARTICLES OF ORGANIZATION 
   
 General Laws, Chapter 156B, Section 74 
   
This certificate must be submitted to the Secretary of the Commonwealth within sixty days after the date of the vote of stockholders adopting the restated articles of organization.  The fee for filing this certificate is prescribed by General Laws, Chapter 156B, Section 114.  Make check payable to the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. 
   
 _______ 
   
 
   We, David A. Swann President/xxxxxxxxxx, and     Sean F. Moran Clerk/xxxxxxxxxxx of 
 
   
 
 
 Anika Research, Inc. 
 
 (Name of Corporation) 
 
 
   
 
   
 
 located at 
 160 New Boston Street, Woburn, MA 01801 
 
do hereby certify that the following restatement of the articles of organization of the corporation was duly adopted by written action dated April 26, 1993, by vote of 
 
 
   
 
 
 1,000 shares of Common Stock out of 1,000 shares outstanding,     (Class of Stock)         shares of      out of   shares outstanding, and      (Class of Stock)         shares of      out of   shares outstanding,      (Class of Stock)       
 
being at least two-thirds of each class of stock outstanding and entitled to vote and of each class or series of stock adversely affected thereby: 
   
 1.           The name by which the corporation shall be known is 
                Anika Research, Inc. 
 
 
 
 2. 
 
 The purposes for which the corporation is formed are as follows: 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 (a) 
 
To engage in the business of developing, manufacturing, purchasing and selling products for medical applications; and 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 (b) 
 
To carry on any business or other activity which may lawfully be carried on by a corporation organized under the Business Corporation Law of the commonwealth of Massachusetts, whet her or not related to those referred to in the preceding paragraph (a). 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 3. 
 
The total number of shares and the par value, if any, of each class of stock which the corporation is authorized to issue is as follows: 
 
 
   
 
   
 WITHOUT PAR VALUE 
 
 WITH PAR VALUE 
 
 CLASS OF STOCK 
 
 NUMBER OF SHARES 
 
 NUMBER SHARES 
 
 PAR VALUE 
         
 Preferred 
 
 None 
 
  2,000,000 
 
 $.01 
         
 Common 
 
 None 
 
  15,000,000 
 
 $.01 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 *4. 
 
If more than one class is authorized, a description of each of the different classes of stock with, if any the preferences, voting powers, qualification, special or relative rights  or privileges as to each class thereof and any series now established: 
 
 
   
   
 See Attachment 4 
   
   
 
 
 *5. 
 
The restrictions, if any, imposed by the articles of organization upon the transfer of shares of stock of any class are as follows: 
 
 
   
   
 None 
   
   
 
 
 *6. 
 
Other lawful provisions, if any, for the conduct and regulation of the business and affairs of the corporation, for its voluntary dissolution, or for limiting, defining, or regulating the powers of the corporation, or of its directors or stockholders, or of any class of stockholders. 
 
 
   
   
 See Attachment 6 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 *If there are no such provisions, state "None". 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 2 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 ATTACHMENT 4 
 
The total number of shares of all classes of stock which the corporation shall have authority to issue is 17,000,000 shares, consisting of (i) 15,000,000 shares of Common Stock, $.01 par value per share ("Common Stock"), and (ii) 2,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, $.01 par value per share ("Preferred Stock"). 
   
The following is a statement of the designations and the powers, privileges and rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof in respect of each class of capi tal stock of the corporation. 
   
 
 
 A.   
 
 COMMON STOCK . 
 
 
   
 1.   General.  The voting, dividend and liquidation rights of the holders of the Common Stock are subject to and qualified by the rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock of any series as  may be designated by the Board of Directors upon any issuance of the Preferred Stock of any series. 
   
 2.   Voting.  The holders of the Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share held at all meetings of stockholders (and written actions in lieu of meetings).  There shall be no cumula tive voting. 
   
 3.   Dividends.  Dividends may be declared and paid on the Common Stock from funds lawfully available therefor as and when determined by the Board of Directors and subject to any preferential di vidend rights of any then outstanding Preferred Stock. 
   
 4.   Liquidation.  Upon the dissolution or liquidation of the corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, holders of Common Stock will be entitled to receive all assets of the corporation available for distribution to its stockholders, subject to any preferential rights of any then outstanding Preferred Stock. 
   
 
 
 B.   
 
 PREFERRED STOCK . 
 
 
   
Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series, each of such series to have such terms as stated or expressed herein and in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of such series adopted by the Board of Directors of the corporation as hereinafter provided.  Any shares of Preferred Stock which may be redeemed, purchased or acquired by the corporation may be reissued except as otherwise provided by law.  Different series of Preferred Stock shall not be construed to constitute different classes of sha res for the purposes of voting by classes unless expressly provided. 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 3 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
Authority is hereby expressly granted to the Board of Directors from time to time to issue the Preferred Stock in one or more series, and in connection with the creation of any such series, by resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of the shares thereof, to determine and fix such voting powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, and such designations, preferences and relative participating, optional or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, including without limitation thereof, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences, as shall be stated and expressed in such resolutions, all to the full extent now or hereafter permitted by Chapter 156B of the Massachusetts General Laws.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the resolutions providing for issuance of any series of Preferred Stock may provide that such series shall be superior or rank equally or be junior to the Preferred Stock of any other series to the extent permitted by law.  No vote of the holders of the Preferred Stock or Common Stock shall be a prerequisite to the issuance of any shares of any series of the Preferred Stock authorized by and complying with the conditions of the Articles of Organization, the right to have such vote being expressly waived by all present and future holders of the capital stock of the corporation. 
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
 4 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 ATTACHMENT 6 
   
6.           Other lawful provisions, if any, for the conduct and regulation of the business and affairs of the corporation, for its voluntary dissolution, or for limiting, defining, or regulating the powers of the corporation, or of its directors or stockholders, or of any class of stockholders: 
   
 6A.          LIMITATION OF DIRECTOR LIABILITY 
   
Except to the extent that Chapter 156B of the Massachusetts General Laws prohibits the elimination or limitation of liability of directors for breaches of fiduciary duty, no director of the corporation shall be personally liable to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duty as a director, notwithstanding any provision of law imposing such liability.  No amendment to or repeal of this provision shall apply to or have any effect on the liability or alleged liability of any director of the corporation for or with respect to any acts or omissions of such director occurring prior to such amendment. 
   
 6B.          INDEMNIFICATION 
   
 1.   Actions, Suits and Proceedings.  The corporation shall indemnify each person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he is or was, or has agreed to become, a director or officer of the corporation, or is or was serving, or has agreed to serve, at the request of the corporation, as a director or officer of, or in a similar capacity with, another organization or in any capacity with respect to any employee benefit plan of the corporation (all such persons being referred to hereafter as an "Indemnitee"), or by reason of any action alleged to have been taken or omitted in such capacity, against all expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments and fines incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with such action, suit or proceeding and any appeal therefrom, unless the Indemnitee shall be finally adjudicated in such action, suit or proceeding not to have acted in good faith in the reasonable belief that his action was in the best interests of the corporation or, to the extent such matter relates to service with respect to an employee benefit plan, in the best interests of the participants or beneficiaries of such employee benefit plan.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article, except as set forth in Section 5 below, the corporation shall not indemnify an Indemnitee seeking indemnification in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by the Indemnitee unless the initiation thereof was approved by the Board of Directors of t he corporation. 
   
 2.   Settlements.  The right to indemnification conferred in this Article shall include the right to be paid by the corporation for amounts paid in settlement of any such action, suit or proceeding and any appeal therefrom, and all expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred in connection with such settlement, pursuant to a consent decree or otherwise, unless and to the extent it is determined pursuant to Section 5 below that the Indemnitee did not act in good faith in the reasonable belief that his action was in the best interests of the corporation or, to the extent such matter relates to service with respect to an employee benefit plan, in the best interests of the participants or beneficiaries of such employee benefit pl an. 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 5 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 3.   Notification and Defense of Claim.  As a condition precedent to his right to be indemnified, the Indemnitee must notify the corporation in writing as soon as practicable of any action, suit, proceeding or investigation involving him for which indemnity will or could be sought.  With respect to any action, suit, proceeding or investigation of which the corporation is so notified, the corporation will be entitled to participate therein at its own expense and/or to assume the defense thereof at its own expense, with legal counsel reasonably acceptable to the Indemnitee.  After notice from the corporation to the Indemnitee of its election so to assume such defense, the corporation shall not be liable to the Indemnitee for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by the Indemnitee in connection with such claim, other than as provided below in this Section 3.  The Indemnitee shall have the right to employ his own counsel in connection with such claim, but the fees and expenses of such counsel incurred after notice from the corporation of its assumption of the defense thereof shall be at the expense of the Indemnitee unless (i) the employment of counsel by the Indemnitee has been authorized by the corporation, (ii) counsel to the Indemnitee shall have reasonably concluded that there may be a conflict of interest or position on any significant issue between the corporation and the Indemnitee in the conduct of the defense of such action or (iii) the corporation shall not in fact have employed counsel to assume the defense of such action, in each of which cases the fees and expenses of counsel for the Indemnitee shall be at the expense of the corporation, except as otherwise expressly provided by this Article.  The corporation shall not be entitled, without the consent of the Indemnitee, to assume the defense of any claim brought by or in the right of the corporation or as to which counsel for the Indemnitee shall have reasonably made the conclusion provided for in clause (ii) ab ove. 
   
 4.   Advance of Expenses.  Subject to the provisions of Section 5 below, in the event that the corporation does not assume the defense pursuant to Section 3 of this Article of any action, suit, proceeding or investigation of which the corporation receives notice under this Article, any expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by an Indemnitee in defending a civil or criminal action, suit, proceeding or investigation or any appeal therefrom shall be paid by the corporation in advance of the final disposition of such matter,  provided ,  however, that the payment of such expenses incurred by an Indemnitee in advance of the final disposition of such matter shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the Indemnitee to repay all amounts so advanced in the event that it shall ultimately be determined that the Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation as authorized in this Article.  Such undertaking may be accepted without reference to the financial ability of the Indemnitee to make such repayment. 
   
 5.   Procedure for Indemnification.  In order to obtain indemnification or advancement of expenses pursuant to Section 1, 2 or 4 of this Article, the Indemnitee shall submit to the corporation a written request, including in such request such documentation and information as is reasonably available to the Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent the Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification or advancement of expenses.  Any such indemnification or advancement of expenses shall be made promptly, and in any event within 60 days after receipt by the corporation of the written request of the Indemnitee, unless the corporation determines, by clear and convincing evidence, within such 60-day period that the Indemnitee did not meet the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 1 or 2, as the case may be.  Such determination shall be made in each instance by (a) a majority vote of a quorum of the directors of the corporation, (b) a majority vote of a quorum of the outstanding shares of stock of all classes entitled to vote for directors, voting as a single class, which quorum shall consist of stockholders who are not at that time parties to the action, suit or proceeding in question, (c) independent legal counsel (who may be regular le gal counsel to the corporation), or (d) a court of competent jurisdiction. 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 6 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 6.   Remedies.  The right to indemnification or advances as granted by this Article shall be enforceable by the Indemnitee in any court of competent jurisdiction if the corporation denies such request, in whole or in part, or if no disposition thereof is made within the 60-day period referred to above in Section 5.  Unless otherwise provided by law, the burden of proving that the Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification or advancement of expenses under this Article shall be on the corporation.  Neither the failure of the corporation to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because the Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the corporation pursuant to Section 5 that the Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that the Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct.  The Indemnitee's expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred in connection with successfully establishing his right to indemnification, in whole or in part, in any such proceeding shall also be indemnified by the corporation. 
   
 7.   Subsequent Amendment.  No amendment, termination or repeal of this Article or of the relevant provisions of Chapter 156B of the Massachusetts General Laws or any other applicable laws shall affect or diminish in any way the rights of any Indemnitee to indemnification under the provisions hereof with respect to any action, suit, proceeding or investigation arising out of or relating to any actions, transactions or facts occurring prior to the final adoption of such amendment, termination or repeal. 
   
 8.   Other Rights.  The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by this Article shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which an Indemnitee seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any law (common or statutory), agreement or vote of stockholders or directors or otherwise, both as to action in his official capacity and as to action in any other capacity while holding office for the corporation, and shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director or officer, and shall inure to the benefit of the estate, heirs, executors and administrators of the Indemnitee.  Nothing contained in this Article shall be deemed to prohibit, and the corporation is specifically authorized to enter into, agreements with officers and directors providing indemnification rights and procedures different from those set forth in this Article.  In addition, the corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by its Board of Directors, grant indemnification rights to ocher employees or agents of the corporation or other persons serving the corporation and such rights may be equivalent to, or greater or less than, those set forth in this Article. 
   
 9.   Partial Indemnification.  If an Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this Article to indemnification by the corporation for some or a portion of the expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines or amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with any action, suit, proceeding or investigation and any appeal therefrom but not, however, for the total amount thereof, the corporation shall nevertheless indemnify the Indemnitee for the portion of such expenses (including attorneys' fees), jud gments, fines or amounts paid in settlement to which the Indemnitee is entitled. 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 7 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 10.   Insurance.  The corporation may purchase and maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation or another organization or employee benefit plan against any expense, liability or loss incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under Chapter 156B of the Massachusetts General Laws. 
   
 11.   Merger or Consolidation.  If the corporation is merged into or consolidated with another corporation and the corporation is not the surviving corporation, the surviving corporation shall assume the obligations of the corporation under this Article with respect to any action, suit, proceeding or investigation arising out of or relating to any actions, transactions or facts occurrin g prior to the date of such merger or consolidation. 
   
 12.   Savings Clause.  If this Article or any portion hereof shall be invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, then the corporation shall nevertheless indemnify each Indemnitee as to any expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement in connection with any action, suit, proceeding or investigation, whether civil, criminal or administrative, including an action by or in the right of the corporation, to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable portion of this Article that shall not have  been invalidated and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. 
   
 13.   Subsequent Legislation.  If the Massachusetts General Laws are amended after adoption of this Article to expand further the indemnification permitted to Indemnitees, then the corporation shall indemnify  such persons to the fullest extent permitted by the Massachusetts General Laws, as so amended. 
   
 6C.            MANAGEMENT 
   
This Article 6C is inserted for the management of business and for the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation, and it is expressly provided that it is intended to be in furtherance and not in limitation or exclusion of the powers conferred by the statues of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. 
   
 1.   Number of Directors .  The number of directors which shall be set forth in the Corporation's By-laws,  provided ,  however, that in no event shall such number of directors be less than three or more than nine.  The number of directors may be decreased at any time and from time to time by a majority of the directors then in office, but only to eliminate vacancies existing by reason of the death, resignation, removal or expiration of the term of one or more directors.  The directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of stockholders by such stockholders as have the right to vote on such election.  Directors need not be stockholders of the Corporation. 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 8 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 2.   Classes of Directors.  The Board of Directors shall be and is divided into three classes: Class I, Class II and Class III.  No one class shall have more than one director more than any other class.  If a fraction is contained in the quotient arrived at by dividing the authorized number of directors by three, then, if such fraction is one-third, the extra directors shall be a member of Class I and, if such fraction is two-thirds, one of the extra directors shall be a member of Class I and the other extra director shall be a member of Class II, unless othe rwise provided for from time to time by resolution adopted by a majority of the Board of Directors. 
   
 3.   Election of Directors.  Elections of directors need not be by written ballot except as and to the extent provided in the By-laws of the Corporation. 
   
 4.   Terms of Office.  Each director shall serve for a term ending on the date of the third annual meeting following the annual meetings at which such director was elected;  provided ,  however, that each initial director in Class I shall serve for a time ending on the date of the annual meeting next following the end of the Corporation's fiscal year ending August 31, 1994; each initial director in Class II shall serve for a term ending on the date of the annual meeting next following the end of the Corporation's fiscal year ending August 31, 1995; and each initial director in Class III shall serve for a term ending on the date of the annual meeting next following the end of the Corporation's fiscal year ending August 31, 1 996. 
   
 5.  Allocation of Directors Among Classes in the Event of Increases or Decreases in the Number of Directors.  In the event of any increase or decrease in the  authorized number of directors, (i) each director then serving as such shall nevertheless continue as a director of the class of which he is a member until the expiration of his current term or his prior death, retirement or resignation and (ii) the newly created or eliminated directorships resulting from such increase or decrease shall be apportioned by the Board of Directors among the three classes of directors so as to ensure than no one class has more than one director more than any other class.  To the extent possible, consistent with the foregoing rule, any newly created directorships shall be added to those classes whose terms of office are to expire at the latest dates following such allocation, and any newly eliminated directorships shall be subtracted from those classes whose terms of office are to expire at the earliest dates following such allocation, unless otherwise provided for from time to time by resolution adopted by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum. 
   
 6.   Tenure.  Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary contained herein, each director shall hold office until his successor is elected and qualified, or until his earlier death, resign ation or removal. 
   
 7.   Vacancies.  Any vacancy in the Board of Directors, however occurring, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of the Board, may be filled by a vote of a majority of directors then in office.  A director elected to fill a vacancy shall be elected for the unexpired term of his predecessor in office, if applicable, and a director chosen to fill a position resulting from an increase in the number of directors shall hold office until the next election of the class for which such director shall have been chosen and until his successor is e lected or qualified, or until his earlier death, resignation or removal. 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 9 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 8.   Quorum.  A majority of the total number of the whole Board of Directors shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the Board of Directors.  In the event one or more of the directors shall be disqualified to vote at any meeting, then the required quorum shall be reduced by one for each such director so disqualified; provided, however, that in no case shall less than one-third (1/3) of the number so fixed constitute a quorum.  In the absence of a quorum at any such meeting, a majority of the directors present may adjourn the meeting from time to time without further notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present. 
   
 9.   Action of Meeting.  At any meeting of the Board of Directors at which a quorum is present, the vote of a majority of those present shall be sufficient to take any action, unless a different vote is  specified by laws or the Corporation's Articles of Organization or By-Laws. 
   
 10.   Removal.  Any one or more or all of the directors may be removed, for cause, by the holders of at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the then issued and outstanding shares of capital sto ck then entitled to vote at an election of directors. 
   
 11.   Stockholder Nominations and Introduction of Business, Etc.  Advance notice of stockholder nominations for election of directors and other business to be brought by stockholders before a meeting of stockholders shall be given in the manner  provided in the By-Laws of the Corporation. 
   
 12.   Amendments to Article 6C.  Notwithstanding any other provisions of law, these Articles of Organization or the Corporation's By-Laws, as amended, and notwithstanding the fact than a lesser percentage may be specified by law, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the votes which all the stockholders would be entitled to cast at any annual election of directors or class of directors shall be required to amend or repeal, or to adopt any provision inconsistent with, this Article 6C. 
   
 6D.            OTHER PROVISIONS 
   
 (a)  The directors may make, amend, or repeal the by-laws in whole or in part, except with respect to any provision of such by-laws which by law or these Article or the by-laws requires  action by the stockholders. 
   
 (b)   Meetings of the stockholders of the corporation may be held anywhere in the United States. 
   
 (c)  The Corporation shall have the power to be a partner in any business enterprise which this corporation would have the power to conduct by itself. 
   
 (d)  The Corporation, by vote of a majority of the stock outstanding and entitled to vote thereon (or if there are two or more classes of stock entitled to vote as separate classes, then by vote of a majority of each such class of stock outstanding), may (1) authorize any amendment to its Article of Organization pursuant to Section 71 of Chapter 156B of the Massachusetts General Laws, as amended from time to time, (ii) authorize the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of its property and assets, including its goodwill, pursuant to Section 75 Chapter 156B of the Massachusetts General Laws, as amended from time to time, and (iii) approve an agreement of merger or consolidation pursuant to Section 78 of  Chapter 156B of the Massachusetts General Laws, as amended from, time to time. 
   
 (e)  Chapter 110D of the Massachusetts General Laws, as it may be amended from time to time, shall not apply to the corporation. 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 10 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 (f)  Chapter 110F of the Massachusetts General Laws, as it may be amended from time to time, shall apply to the corporation. 
   
6E.           Until the Corporation becomes subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Triggering Event"), any action required or permitted to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, is signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote on such action were present and voted.  Prompt notice of the taking of corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing.  Effective upon the date of the Triggering Event, stockholders of the Corporation may not take any action by written consent in lieu of a meeting.  Notwithstanding any other provision of law, these Articles of Organization or the Corporation's By-laws, as amended, and notwithstanding the fact that a lesser percentage may be specified by law, the affirmative vote of the holders of seventy-five percent (75%) of the votes which all the stockholders would be entitled to cast at any annual election of directors or class of directors shall be required to amend or repeal, or to adopt any provision inconsistent with, this Articl e 6E. 
   
6F.           Special meetings of stockholders may be called at any time by the President or by the Chairman of the Board of Directors.  Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to matters relating to the purpose or purposes stated in the notice of the meeting.  Notwithstanding any other provision of law, these Amended Articles of Organization or the Corporation's By-laws, as amended, and notwithstanding the fact that a lesser percentage may be specified by law, the affirmative vote of the holders or at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the votes which all the stockholders would be entitled to cast at any annual election of directors or class of directors shall be required t o amend or repeal this Article 6F or to adopt any provision inconsistent with this Article 6F. 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 11 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
**We further certify that the foregoing Restated Articles of Organization affect no amendments to the Articles of Organization of the corporation as heretofore amended, except amen dments to the following articles           IV and VI               . 
   
 (*If there are no such amendments, state "None".) 
   
 Briefly describe amendments in spaces below: 
   
 
 
 Article IV - 
 
Amended to increase the number of authorized shares of Common Stock and create blank check preferred stock. 
 
 
   
 
 
 Article VI - 
 
 Amended existing indemnification provisions and included the following new provisions: 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 (a) 
 
 Classified Board of Directors 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 (b) 
 
 Elimination of written action by stockholders upon the occurrence of certain events 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 (c) 
 
 Limited the ability of stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 (d) 
 
 Opted out of Chapter 110D 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 (e) 
 
 Opted into Chapter 110F 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF AND UNDER THE PENALTIES OF PERJURY, we have hereto signed our names this 
 28th day of April in the year 1993 
   
 
 /s/ David A. Swann   
 President/xxxxxxxx 
       
 /s/ Sean Moran 
    Clerk/xxxxxxxxxxx 
 
   
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 12 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 THE COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS 
                 
 RESTATED ARTICLES OF ORGANIZATION 
     
 (General Laws, Chapter 156B, Section 74) 
          I hereby approve the within restated articles of organization and, the filing fee in the amount of $17,200 having been paid, said articles are deemed to have been filed with me thi s 29th day of April, 1993.           
 /s/ Michael Joseph Connolly 
           
 MICHAEL JOSEPH CONNOLLY 
     
 Secretary of State 
                       
 TO BE FILLED IN BY CORPORATION 
         
 PHOTO COPY OF RESTATED ARTICLES OF ORGANIZATION TO BE SENT 
         To: 
 Stuart M. Falber, Esq. 
       
 Hale and Dorr 
       
 60 State Street 
       
 Boston, MA 02109 
       
 (617) 526-6000 
             
 Telephone: 
     
 
   
 
   
 13 
   
 
 
 
 
