 htm 88915 Articles of incorporation 3 2016-07-16T10:29:48.006382-05:00 Filing 0001193125-15-298303 2015-08-21 10-K Annual  & Quarterly Reports 0000880117 SANFILIPPO JOHN B  & SON INC JBSS COMMON STOCK (PRIMARY) Nasdaq Global Market 2068 Salted  & Roasted Nuts  & Seeds No ILLINOIS DELAWARE DELAWARE true Accelerated Filer 000-19681 EX-3.2 Exhibit Exhibit 2 d110976dex32.htm EX-3.2 2 d110976dex32.htm EX-3.2 
 Exhibit 3.2 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF 
 JOHN B. SANFILIPPO  & SON, INC. 
 A Delaware Corporation 
 (Adopted on August 20, 2015) 
 ARTICLE I 
 OFFICES 
 Section 1.  Registered Office. The registered office of the corporation in the State of Delaware shall be at Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801. The name of the corporatio n's registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company. 
 Section 2.  Other Offices. The corporation may also have offices at such other places, both within and without the State of Delaware, as the board of directors may from time to time determine or the busine ss of the corporation may require. 
 ARTICLE II 
 MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
 Section 1.  Place and Time of Meetings. An annual meeting of the stockholders shall be held for the purpose of electing directors and conducting such other business as may come before the meeting. The date, time and place, if any, of the annual meeting shall be determined by resolution of the board of directors. Special meetings of stockholders for any other purpose may be held at such time and place, if any, within or without the State of Delaware, as shall be stated in the notice of the meeting. Special meetings of the stockholders may be called at any time by the Chief Executive Officer or the Chairman of the Board for any purpose and shall be called by the Secretary if directed by the board of directors. The corporation may postpone, reschedule  or cancel any meeting of stockholders previously scheduled. 
 Section 2.  Notice. Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take action at a meeting, notice stating the place, if any (or the means of remote communication, if any), and date, hour of the meeting, the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, if such date is different from the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting, and, in the case of special meetings, the purpose or purposes, of such meeting shall be given to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting unless otherwise provided by law, the certificate of incorporation, or these bylaws. Notice may be given personally, by mail or by electronic transmission in accordance with Section 232 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed given when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to each stockholder at such stockholder's address appearing on the books of the corporation or given by the stockholder for such purpose. Notice by electronic transmission shall be deemed given as provided in Section 232 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. An affidavit of the mailing or other means of giving any notice of any 
   
 1 
 
 
stockholders' meeting, executed by the Secretary, Assistant Secretary or any transfer agent of the corporation giving the notice, shall be prima facie evidence of the giving of such notice or report. Notice shall be deemed to have been given to all stockholders of record who share an address if notice is given in accordance with the "householding" rules set forth in Rule 14a-3(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and Section 233 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. Attendance of a person at a meeting constitutes a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting to t he transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. 
 Section 3.  Stockholders List. The officer having charge of the stock ledger of the corporation shall make, at least 10 days before every meeting of the stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting (provided, however, if the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote is less than 10 days before the date of the meeting, the list shall reflect the stockholders entitled to vote as of the tenth day before the meeting date), arranged in alphabetical order, specifying the address of and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, at least 10 days prior to the meeting, (i) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of meeting or (ii) during ordinary business hours at the principal place of business of the corporation. If the meeting is to be held at a place, then a list of stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting shall be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof and may be examined by any stockholder who is present. If the meeting is to be held solely by means of remote communication, then the list shall also be open to the examination of any stockholder during the whole time of the meeting on a reasonably accessible electronic network, and the information required to access such list shall be provided with the notice of the meeting. Except as otherwise provided by law, the stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the list of stockholders required by this Article II, Section 3 or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockho lders. 
 Section 4.  Quorum; Adjournment. The holders of capital stock representing a majority in voting power of the votes entitled to be cast by stockholders entitled to vote at any annual or special meeting of stockholders, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at such meeting of the stockholders, except as otherwise provided by statute or by the certificate of incorporation. Shares of its own stock belonging to the corporation or to another corporation, if a majority of the shares entitled to vote in the election of directors of such other corporation is held, directly or indirectly, by the corporation, shall neither be entitled to vote nor be counted for quorum purposes; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not limit the right of the corporation or any subsidiary of the corporation to vote stock, including but not limited to its own stock, held by it in a fiduciary capacity. If a quorum is not present, the holders of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting, and entitled to vote thereat, shall have the power, by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of such shares, to adjourn the meeting to another time and/or place, if any. Unless the adjournment is for more than 30 days or unless a new record date is set for the adjourned meeting, no notice of the adjourned meeting need be given to any stockholder, provided that the time and place, if any, of the adjourned m eeting (and the means of remote communication, if 
   
 2 
 
 
any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person at such adjourned meeting) were announced at the meeting at which the adjournment was taken. At the adjourned meeting, the corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. If after the adjournment a new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote is fixed for the adjourned meeting, the board of directors shall fix as the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and shall give notice of the adjourned meeting to each stockholder  of record as of the record date so fixed for notice of such adjourned meeting. 
 Section 5.  Vote Required. Unless otherwise required by law, the certificate of incorporation, these bylaws, the rules and regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the corporation or pursuant to any other regulation applicable to the corporation or its stockholders, when a quorum is present or represented by proxy at any meeting, the affirmative vote of the holders of shares representing a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the subject shall be the act of the stockholders. Where a separate vote by class or classes or series is required, the affirmative vote of the holders of shares representing a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of shares of such class or classes or series present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the subject shall  be the act of such class or classes or series. 
 Section 6.  Voting Rights. Except as otherwise provided by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or by the certificate of incorporation or any amendments thereto and subject to the provisions of Section 3 of Article VI hereof, every stockholder shall at every meeting of the stockholders be entitled to one vote in person or by proxy for each share of capital stock enti tled to vote on the subject held by such stockholder. 
 Section 7.  Proxies. Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or to express consent or dissent to corporate action in writing without a meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for him, her or it by proxy, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. 
 Section 8.  Action by Written Consent. Any action required to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the corporation, or any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of such stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted, and shall be delivered to the corporation by delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware or the corporation's principal place of business or an officer or agent of the corporation having custody of the books in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Every such written consent shall bear the date of signature of each stockholder who signs the consent, and no written consent shall be effective to take the corporate action referred to therein unless, within 60 days of the earliest dated consent delivered to the corporation as required by this section, written consents signed by the holders of a sufficient 
   
 3 
 
 
number of shares to take such corporate action are recorded. Prompt notice of the taking of any corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing and who, if the action had been taken at a meeting, would have been entitled to notice of the meeting if the record date for notice of such meeting had been the date the written consents signed by holders of a sufficient number of shares to take the action were delivered to the corporation. Any action taken pursuant to such written consent of the stockholders shall have the same force and effect as if taken by the stockholders at a meeting thereof. 
 Section 9.  Business Combinations with Interested Stockholders. The corporation expressly elects not to be governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 
 Section 10.  Notice of Stockholder Business and Nominations . 
 (A)  Annual Meetings of Stockholders . 
(1) Nominations of persons for election to the board of directors of the corporation and the proposal of other business to be considered by the stockholders may be made at an annual meeting of stockholders only (a) pursuant to the corporation's notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto), (b) by or at the direction of the board of directors or any committee thereof or (c) by any stockholder of the corporation who was a stockholder of record of the corporation at the time the applicable notice provided for in this Article II, Section 10 is delivered to the Secretary of the corporation, who is entitled to vote at the meeting (and, in the case of nominations, on the election of the nominee) and who complies with  the applicable notice procedures set forth in this Article II, Section 10. 
(2) For any nominations or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (c) of paragraph (A)(1) of this Article II, Section 10 (each, a "Stockholder Proposal"), the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the corporation and any such proposed business other than the nominations of persons for election to the board of directors must constitute a proper matter for stockholder action. To be timely for any Stockholder Proposal (other than nominations of directors elected solely by Class A stockholders (a "Class A Nomination")), a stockholder's notice shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation not later than the close of business on the 90th day, nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day, prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting (provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 70 days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by the corporation). To be timely for any Class A Nomination, a Class A stockholder's notice shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation not later than the close of business on the 60th day, nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day, prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting (provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 70 days after such 
   
 4 
 
 
anniversary date, notice by the stockholder must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 60th day prior to such annual meeting or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by the corporation). In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described above. Any stockholder's notice shall set forth (other than the notice for any Class A Nomination): (a) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election as a director (i) all information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors in an election contest, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to and in accordance with Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and (ii) such person's written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected; (b) as to any other business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting, the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend the bylaws of the corporation, the language of the proposed amendment), the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made; and (c) as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made (i) the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the corporation's books, and of such beneficial owner, (ii) the class or series and number of shares of capital stock of the corporation which are owned beneficially and of record by such stockholder and such beneficial owner, (iii) a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding with respect to the nomination or proposal between or among such stockholder and/or such beneficial owner, any of their respective affiliates or associates, and any others acting in concert with any of the foregoing, including, in the case of a nomination, the nominee, (iv) a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any derivative or short positions, profit interests, options, warrants, convertible securities, stock appreciation or similar rights, hedging transactions, and borrowed or loaned shares) that has been entered into as of the date of the stockholder's notice by, or on behalf of, such stockholder and such beneficial owners, whether or not such instrument or right shall be subject to settlement in underlying shares of capital stock of the corporation, the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to, manage risk or benefit of share price changes for, or increase or decrease the voting power of, such stockholder or such beneficial owner, with respect to securities of the corporation, (v) a representation that the stockholder is a holder of record of stock of the corporation entitled to vote at such meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to propose such business or nomination, (vi) a representation whether the stockholder or the beneficial owner, if any, intends or is part of a group which intends (a) to deliver a proxy statement and/or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the corporation's outstanding capital stock required to approve or adopt the proposal or elect the nominee and/or (b) otherwise to solicit proxies or votes from stockholders in support of such proposal or nomination, and (vii) any other information relating to such stockholder and beneficial owner, if any, required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for, as applicable, the proposal and/or for the election of directors in an election contest pur suant to and in accordance with Section 14(a) of the Exchange 
   
 5 
 
 
Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Any Class A stockholder's notice for any Class A Nomination shall set forth: (a) as to each person whom the Class A stockholder proposes to nominate for election as a director all information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed under the applicable portions of paragraphs (a) and (b) of Item 7 of Schedule 14A of the Exchange Act and (b) as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the Class A Nomination is made (i) the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the corporation's books, and of such beneficial owner, (ii) the number of Class A shares of the corporation which are owned beneficially and of record by such stockholder and such beneficial owner, (iii) a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding with respect to the Class A Nomination between or among such stockholder and/or such beneficial owner, any of their respective affiliates or associates, and any others acting in concert with any of the foregoing, including the nominee, and (iv) a representation that the stockholder is a holder of record of Class A stock of the corporation entitled to vote at such meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to propose such nomination. The foregoing notice requirements of this Article II, Section 10 shall be deemed satisfied by a stockholder with respect to business other than a nomination if the stockholder has notified the corporation of his, her or its intention to present a proposal at an annual meeting in compliance with applicable rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act and such stockholder's proposal has been included in a proxy statement that has been prepared by the corporation to solicit proxies for such annual meeting. The corporation may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as it may reasonably require to determine the el igibility of such proposed nominee to serve as a director of the corporation. 
(3) Notwithstanding anything in the second sentence of paragraph (A)(2) of this Article II, Section 10 to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the board of directors of the corporation at the annual meeting by the holders of common stock is increased effective after the time period for which nominations would otherwise be due under paragraph (A)(2) of this Article II, Section 10 and there is no public announcement by the corporation naming the nominees for the additional directorships at least 100 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting, the applicable notice (by a holder of common stock) required by this Article II, Section 10 shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for the additional directorships to be voted upon by the holders of common stock, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which such public announcement of an increase in the n umber of directors to be elected by the holders of common stock is first made by the corporation. 
(4) Notwithstanding anything in the third sentence of paragraph (A)(2) of this Article II, Section 10 to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the board of directors of the corporation at the annual meeting by holders of Class A stock is increased effective within ten (10) days preceding or after the time period for which nominations would otherwise be due under paragraph (A)(2) of this Article II, Section 10, the applicable notice (by a holder of Class A stock) required by this Article II, Section 10 shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for the additional directorships to be voted upon by the holders of Class A stock, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which such public announcement of an increase in the number of directors to be elected by the holders of Class A stock is first made by the corporation. 
   
 6 
 
 
 (B)  Special Meetings of Stockholders. Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the corporation's notice of meeting. Nominations of persons for election to the board of directors may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected pursuant to the corporation's notice of meeting (1) by or at the direction of the board of directors or any committee thereof or (2) provided that the board of directors has determined that directors shall be elected at such meeting, by any stockholder of the corporation who is a stockholder of record at the time the applicable notice provided for in this Article II, Section 10 is delivered to the Secretary of the corporation, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and on the election of the nominee and who complies with the applicable notice procedures set forth in this Article II, Section 10. In the event the corporation calls a special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more directors to the board of directors, any such stockholder entitled to vote in such election of directors may nominate a person or persons (as the case may be) for election to such position(s) as specified in the corporation's notice of meeting, if (1) the stockholder's (other than Class A stockholders with respect to a Class A Nomination) applicable notice required by paragraph (A)(2) of this Article II, Section 10 shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such special meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such special meeting or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the board of directors to be elected at such meeting or (2) the Class A stockholder's (with respect to a Class A Nomination) applicable notice required by paragraph (A)(2) of this Article II, Section 10 shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the corporation not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such special meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 60th day prior to such special meeting or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the board of directors to be elected at such meeting. In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of a special meeting commence a new time period (or extend any time period) f or the giving of a stockholder's notice as described above. 
 (C)  General . 
(1) Except as otherwise expressly provided in any applicable rule or regulation promulgated under the Exchange Act, only such persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Article II, Section 10 shall be eligible to be elected at an annual or special meeting of stockholders of the corporation to serve as directors and only such business shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Article II, Section 10. Except as provided by law or the certificate of incorporation, the chairman of the meeting shall have the power and duty (a) to determine whether a nomination or any business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Article II, Section 10 (including whether the stockholder or beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made solicited (or is part of a group which solicited) or did 
   
 7 
 
 
not so solicit, as the case may be, proxies or votes in support of such stockholder's nominee or proposal in compliance with such stockholder's representation as required by clause (A)(2)(c)(vi) of this Article II, Section 10) and (b) if any proposed nomination or business was not made or proposed in compliance with this Article II, Section 10, to declare that such nomination shall be disregarded or that such proposed business shall not be transacted. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article II, Section 10, unless otherwise required by law or the certificate of incorporation, if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the annual or special meeting of stockholders of the corporation to present a nomination or proposed business, such nomination shall be disregarded and such proposed business shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the corporation. For purposes of this Article II, Section 10, to be considered a qualified representative of the stockholder, a person must be a duly authorized officer, manager or partner of such stockholder or must be authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by such stockholder to act for such stockholder as proxy at the meeting of stockholders and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or  a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, at the meeting of stockholders. 
(2) For purposes of this Article II, Section 10, "public announcement" shall include disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act a nd the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
(3) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article II, Section 10, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this Article II, Section 10; provided however, that any references in these bylaws to the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder are not intended to and shall not limit any requirements applicable to nominations or proposals as to any other business to be considered pursuant to this Article II, Section 10 (including paragraphs (A)(1)(c) and (B) hereof), and compliance with paragraphs (A)(1)(c) and (B) of this Article II, Section 10 shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to make nominations or submit other business (other than, as provided in the penultimate sentence of (A)(2), business other than nominations brought properly under and in compliance with Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, as may be amended from time to time). Nothing in this Article II, Section 10 shall be deemed to affect any rights (a) of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals or nominations in the corporation's proxy statement pursuant to applicable rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act or (b) of the holders of any series of preferred stock to elect directors pursuant to any applicable provisions of the certificate of incorporation. 
 Section 11.  Organization. Meetings of stockholders shall be presided over by the Chairman of the Board or, in the absence of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or, in the absence of the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer, by the President or, in the absence of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer and the President, by the Chief Financial Officer, or in the absence of all of the foregoing, by a person designated by the board of directors, or in the absence of a person so designated by the board of 
   
 8 
 
 
directors, by a chairman chosen at the meeting by the holders of a majority in voting power of the stock entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy. The Secretary, or in his or her absence, an Assistant Secretary, or in the absence of the Secretary and all Assistant Secretaries, a person whom the chairman of the meeting shall appoint, shall act as secretary of the meeting and keep a record of the proceedings thereof. The board of directors may adopt by resolution such rules and regulations for the conduct of the meeting of stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations as adopted by the board of directors, the chairman of the meeting shall have the right and authority to convene and (for any or no reason) to recess and/or adjourn the meeting, to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chairman of the meeting, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the board of directors or prescribed by the chairman of the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following: (i) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting; (ii) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present; (iii) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to stockholders of record of the corporation, their duly authorized and constituted proxies or such other persons as the chairman of the meeting shall determine; (iv) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof; and (v) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants. The chairman of the meeting, in addition to making any other determinations that may be appropriate to the conduct of the meeting, shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that a matter or business was not properly brought before the meeting and if such chairman should so determine, such chairman shall so declare to the meeting, and any such matter or business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted or considered. Unless and to the extent determined by the board of directors or the chairman of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure. 
 Section 12.  Inspectors of Election; Opening and Closing the Polls. Prior to any meeting of stockholders, the board of directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Financial Officer, the President or any other officer designated by the board of directors shall appoint one or more inspectors, who shall have the powers and duties set forth in Section 231 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware as currently in effect or as the same may hereafter be amended or replaced, which inspectors may include individuals who serve the corporation in other capacities, including, without limitation, as officers, employees, agents or representatives, to act at such meeting and make a written report thereof and may designate one or more persons as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. If no inspector or alternate has been appointed to act or is able to act at a meeting of stockholders, the chairman of the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Each inspector, before discharging his or her duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of his or her ability. The inspectors shall have the duties prescribed by law. The chairman of the meeting shall fix and announce at the meeting the date and time of the opening and the closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at a meeting. 
   
 9 
 
 
 ARTICLE III 
 DIRECTORS 
 Section 1.  Number, Election and Term of Office. Except as otherwise provided or contemplated by the certificate of incorporation, the number of directors may be fixed at any time solely by resolution adopted by a majority of the board of directors, and may not be fixed by any other person or persons; provided, however, that no vote to decrease the number of the directors of the corporation shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. The directors shall be elected by a plurality of votes of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the annual meeting of stockholders and entitled to vote on the election of such directors, except as provided in Section 3 of this Article III and except as provided in the certificate of incorporation, each director elected shall hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her death, resignation  or removal as hereinafter provided. 
 Section 2.  Resignation. Any director may resign at any time upon written or electronic notice to the corporation. Such resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein (and if no time be specified, at the time of its receipt by the board of directors) and unless otherwise specified therein no acceptance of such resignation shall be necessary to make it effective unless  otherwise specified therein. 
 Section 3.  Vacancies. Except as provided by the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws, vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors may only be filled by a majority of the directors then in office though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. Whenever the holders of any class or classes of stock or series thereof are entitled to elect one or more directors by the certificate of incorporation, vacancies and newly created directorships of such class or classes or series may only be filled by a majority of the directors elected by such class or classes or series thereof then in office, or by the sole remaining director so elected. Each director so chosen shall hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until a successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. 
 Section 4.  Annual Meetings. The annual meeting of each newly elected board of directors shall be held without other notice than this by-law immediately after, and at the same place as, the annual meeting of  stockholders. 
 Section 5.  Other Meetings and Notice. Regular meetings, other than the annual meeting, of the board of directors may be held without notice at such time and at such place as shall from time to time be determined by resolution of the board of directors. Special meetings of the board of directors may be called by or at the request of the Chief Executive Officer or Chairman of the Board on at least 24 hours' notice to each director, either personally, by telephone, by mail, or by other means of electronic transmission; in like manner and on like notice the Secretary must c all a special meeting on the written request of a majority of directors. 
 Section 6.  Quorum; Vote Required for Action. A majority of the total number of directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. The vote of a majority of directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the board of directors. If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of the board of directors, the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present. 
   
 10 
 
 
 Section 7.  Committees. The corporation elects to be governed by Section 141(c)(2) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. The board of directors may designate one or more committees. Each committee will consist of one or more of the directors of the corporation which, to the extent provided in such resolution and not otherwise limited by statute, shall have and may exercise the powers of the board of directors in the management and affairs of the corporation. The board of directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. Such committee or committees shall have such name or names as may be determined from time to time by resolution adopted by the board of directors. Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and report the same to the full board of directors whe n required or directed to do so. 
 Section 8.  Committee Rules. Each committee of the board of directors may fix its own rules of procedure and shall hold its meetings as provided by such rules, except as may otherwise be provided by the resolution of the board of directors designating such committee, but in all cases the presence of at least a majority of the members of such committee shall be necessary to constitute a quorum. In the event that a member and that member's alternate, if alternates are designated by the board of directors as provided in Section 7 of this Article III, of such committee is/are absent or disqualified, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the board of directors to act at the meeting in place of any such absent or disqualified member. 
 Section 9.  Telephonic Meetings Permitted. Members of the board of directors or any committee thereof may participate in and act at any meeting of such board or committee through the use of a conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in the meeting pursuant to this section shall constitute  presence in person at the meeting. 
 Section 10.  Action by Unanimous Consent of Directors. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the board of directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writing or writings (or electronic transmission or transmissions) are filed with th e minutes of proceedings of the board or committee, as applicable. 
 ARTICLE IV 
 OFFICERS 
 Section 1.  Number. The officers of the corporation shall be elected by the board of directors and shall consist of a Chairman of the Board, if any is elected, a Chief Executive Officer, a Chief Financial Officer, a President, one or more Vice-Presidents (any one or more of whom may be designated as Senior Executive Vice-President, Executive Vice-President or Senior Vice-President), a Secretary, a Treasurer, and such other officers and assistant officers as may be deemed necessary or desirable by the board of directors. Any number of offices may be held by the same persons. In its discretion, the board of directors may choose not to fill any office for any period as it may deem advisable, except the offices of Chief Executive Of ficer, Chief Financial Officer, President and Secretary. 
   
 11 
 
 
 Section 2.  Election and Term of Office. The officers of the corporation shall be elected annually by the board of directors at the first meeting of the board of directors held after each annual meeting of stockholders. If the election of officers shall not be held at such meeting, such election shall be held as soon thereafter as conveniently may be. Vacancies of newly created offices may be filled at any meeting of the board of directors. Each officer shall hold office until the next annual meeting of the board of directors and until a successor is duly elected and quali fied or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal as hereinafter provided. 
 Section 3.  Removal. Any officer or agent elected by the board of directors may be removed, either with or without cause, by the board of directors but such removal shall be without prejudice to the  contract rights, if any, of the person so removed. 
 Section 4.  Vacancies. A vacancy in any office because of death, resignation, removal, disqualification or otherwise, may only be filled by the board of directors for the unexpired portion of the term  by the board of directors then in office. 
 Section 5.  The Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Executive Officer shall be the chief executive officer of the corporation and shall in general supervise and control all of the business and affairs of the corporation. In the absence of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and of the board of directors. He may sign any deeds, mortgages, bonds, contracts or other instruments which the board of directors has authorized to be executed, except in cases where the signing and execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the board of directors or by these bylaws to some other officer or agent of the corporation or shall be required by law to be otherwise signed or executed. In general, the Chief Executive Officer shall perform all duties incident to the office of the Chief Executive Officer of the corporation and such other duties as may be prescribed by the b oard of directors from time to time. 
 Section 6.  The Chairman of the Board. The Chairman of the Board shall be deemed an officer of the corporation, subject to the control of the board of directors, and shall report directly to the board of directors. The Chairman of the Board shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and of the board of directors. 
 Section 7.  The Chief Financial Officer. The Chief Financial Officer shall be the chief financial officer of the corporation and shall in general keep and maintain, or caused to kept and maintained, adequate books and records of accounts of the properties and business transactions of the corporation. He may sign any deeds, mortgages, bonds, contracts or other instruments which the board of directors has authorized to be executed, except in cases where the signing and execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the board of directors or by these bylaws to some other officer or agent of the corporation or shall be required by law to be otherwise signed or executed. In general, the Chief Financial Officer shall perform all duties incident to the office of the Chief Financial Officer of the corporation and such other duties as may be prescribed from time to time by the board of directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the  Chairman of the Board. In the absence of the Chief Executive Officer, the Chairman of the 
   
 12 
 
 
Board, and the President, the Chief Financial Officer shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and of the board of directors. In the absence of the Chief Executive Officer and the President or in the event of the Chief Executive Officer's and the President's inability or refusal to act, the Chief Financial Officer shall perform the duties of the Chief Executive Officer and, when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the Chief Executive Officer. 
 Section 8.  The President. The President shall be the chief administrative officer of the corporation and shall, subject to direction by the Chief Executive Officer, in general supervise and control all of the operations of the corporation. In the absence of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chairman of the Board, the President shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and of the board of directors. In the absence of the Chief Executive Officer or in the event of his inability or refusal to act, the President shall perform the duties of the Chief Executive Officer and, when so acting, shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the Chief Executive Officer. The President may sign certificates for shares of the corporation, any deeds, mortgages, bonds, contracts or other instruments which the board of directors has authorized to be executed except in cases where the execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the board of directors or by these bylaws to some other officer or agent of the corporation or shall be required by law to be otherwise executed. In general, the President shall perform all duties incident to the office of President and chief administrative officer of the corporation and such other duties as may be prescribed from time to time by the board of directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the Chairman of the Board. 
 Section 9.  Vice-Presidents. Subject to the Chief Financial Officer's assumption of the duties of the Chief Executive Officer as set forth in Article IV, Section 7, in the absence of the President or in the event of his inability or refusal to act, the Vice-President (or in the event there is more than one Vice-President, then in the following order - the Senior Executive Vice-President, the Executive Vice-President and thereafter any Senior Vice-President in the order designated, or in the absence of any designation, then in the order of their election) shall perform the duties of the President, including, without limitation, the duties of the Chief Executive Officer if and as assumed by the President as a result of the absence of the Chief Executive Officer or his inability or refusal to act, and the Vice-President, when so acting, shall have all of the powers and be subject to all the restrictions upon the President. Any Vice-President may sign, with the Secretary or Assistant Secretary, certificates for shares of the corporation. Each Vice-President shall perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him by the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chairman of the Board, the President or the board of directors. 
 Section 10.  Treasurer. If required by the board of directors, the Treasurer shall give a bond for the faithful discharge of his duties in such sum and with such surety or sureties as the board of directors shall determine. He shall have charge and custody of and be responsible for all funds and securities of the corporation, receive and give receipts for moneys due and payable to the corporation from any source whatsoever, and deposit all such moneys in the name of the corporation in such banks, trust companies or other depositories as shall be selected in accordance with the provisions of these bylaws. The Treasurer shall in general perform all the duties incident to the office of Treasurer and such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him by the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chairman of the Board, the President or the board of directors. 
   
 13 
 
 
 Section 11.  Secretary. The Secretary shall: (a) keep records of corporate action, including the minutes of meetings of the stockholders and the board of directors in one or more books provided for that purpose; (b) see that all notices are duly given in accordance with the provisions of these bylaws or as required by law; (c) be custodian of the corporate records and of the seal of the corporation and see that the seal of the corporation is affixed to all certificates for shares prior to the issuance thereof and to all documents, the execution of which on behalf of the corporation under its seal is duly authorized in accordance with the provisions of these bylaws; (d) keep a register of the post office address of each stockholder which shall be furnished to the Secretary by such stockholder; (e) sign, with the President or a Vice-President, certificates for shares of the corporation, the issuance of which shall have been authorized by resolution of the board of directors; (f) have general charge of the stock transfer books of the corporation; and (g) in general, perform all duties incident to the office of Secretary and such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him by the Chief Executive Officer, the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Financial Of ficer, the President or the board of directors. 
 Section 12.  Assistant Treasurers and Assistant Secretaries. The Assistant Treasurers shall, if required by the board of directors, give bonds for the faithful discharge of their duties in such sums and with such sureties as the board of directors shall determine. The Assistant Secretaries as thereunto authorized by the board of directors may sign, with the President or a Vice-President, certificates for shares of the corporation, the issuance of which shall have been authorized by a resolution of the board of directors. The Assistant Treasurers and Assistant Secretaries in general shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to them by the Treasurer or the Secretary, respectively, or by the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chairman of the Bo ard, the President or the board of directors. 
 Section 13.  Other Officers, Assistant Officers and Agents. Officers, assistant officers and agents if any, other than those whose duties are provided for in these bylaws, shall have such authority and perform such duties as may from time  to time be prescribed by resolution of the board of directors. 
 ARTICLE V 
 INDEMNIFICATION AND ADVANCEMENT OF EXPENSES 
 Section 1.  Indemnification. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law as it exists now or is hereafter amended, the corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless any person (a "covered person") who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative by reason of the fact that he or she or a person for whom he or she is the legal representative is or was a director or officer of the corporation, or, while a director or officer of the corporation, is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee, or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise (including service with respect to employee benefit plans), against all liability and loss suffered and expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably in curred by him or her. 
   
 14 
 
 
Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, except as otherwise provided in Section 3 of this Article V, the corporation shall be required to indemnify a covered person in connection with any action, suit or proceeding (or part thereof) commenced by such covered person only if the commencement of such action, suit or proceeding (or part thereof) by the covered person was authorized in the specific case by the board of directors of the corporation. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interest of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his or her  conduct was unlawful. 
 Section 2.  Indemnification When Successful in Defense of Action. To the extent that a present or former director or officer of the corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in Section 1 of this Article V or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, he or she shall be indemnified against all expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and  reasonably incurred by him or her in connection therewith. 
 Section 3.  Claims. If a claim for indemnification (following the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding) or advancement of expenses under this Article V is not paid in full within 30 days after a written claim therefor by the covered person has been received by the corporation, the covered person may file suit to recover the unpaid amount of such claim and, if successful in whole or in part, shall be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such claim to the fullest extent permitted by law. In any such action the corporation shall have the burden of proving that the covered person is not entitled to the requested indemnification or advancement of expenses under applicable law. 
 Section 4.  Advancement of Expenses. The corporation shall to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law pay the expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by a covered person in defending any action, suit or proceeding in advance of its final disposition, provided, however, that, to the extent required by law, such payment of expenses in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit proceeding shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking by the covered person to repay all amounts advanced if it should be ultimately determined that the covered  person is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article V or otherwise. 
 Section 5.  Nonexclusivity of Rights. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided or granted pursuant to the other sections of this Article V shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any by-law, agreement, vote of stockholders or of disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to acti on in his official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office. 
 Section 6.  Additional Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses. This Article V shall not limit the right of the corporation, to the extent and in the manner permitted by law, to indemnify and to advance expenses to persons other than covered  persons when and as authorized by appropriate corporate action. 
   
 15 
 
 
 Section 7.  Insurance. The corporation shall have power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against any liability asserted against him or her and incurred by him or her in any such capacity, or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to  indemnify him or her against such liability under the provisions of this Article V. 
 Section 8.  Definition. For purposes of this Article V, references to "the corporation" shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, employees and agents so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Article V with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as he or she would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. 
 Section 9.  Continuation of Rights. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article V shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. 
 ARTICLE VI 
 CERTIFICATES OF STOCK 
 Section 1.  Form. Every holder of stock in the corporation represented by a certificate shall be entitled to have a certificate, signed by, or in the name of the corporation by, the Chairman of the Board, the President or a Vice-President, and the Treasurer, Assistant Treasurer, Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the corporation, certifying the number of shares owned by him or her in the corporation, provided that the board of directors may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any class or series of stock shall be uncertificated shares. Any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the corporation. Any or all of the signatures on a certificate may be facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon any such certificate or certificates shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate or certificates have been issued by the corporation, such certificate or certificates may nevertheless be issued as though the person or persons who signed such certificate or certificates or whose facsimile signature or signatures have been placed thereon were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. All certificates representing shares shall be consecutively numbered or otherwise identified. The name of the person to whom  the shares represented thereby are issued, with the number of shares 
   
 16 
 
 
and date of issue, shall be entered on the books of the corporation. All certificates surrendered to the corporation for transfer shall be cancelled, and no new certificate shall be issued in replacement until the former certificate representing a like number of shares shall have been surrendered or cancelled, except as otherwise provided in Section 2 of thi s Article VI with respect to lost, stolen or destroyed certificates. 
 Section 2.  Lost Certificates. The board of directors may direct a new certificate or certificates to be issued in place of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost, stolen, or destroyed. When authorizing such issuance of a new certificate or certificates, the board of directors may, in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance thereof, require the owner of such lost, stolen, or destroyed certificate or certificates, or his or her legal representative, to give the corporation a bond in such sum as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the corporation on account of the loss, theft or destruction with respect to the certificate or the issuance of such new certificate. 
 Section 3.  Fixing a Record Date . 
(a) In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the board of directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the board of directors, and which record date shall, unless otherwise required by law, not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting. If the board of directors so fixes a date, such date shall also be the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting unless the board of directors determines, at the time it fixes such record date, that a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination. If no record date is fixed by the board of directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the board of directors may fix a new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and in such case shall also fix as the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed fo r determination of stockholders entitled to vote in accordance herewith at the adjourned meeting. 
(b) In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the board of directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall not be more than 60 days prior to such action. If no such record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the board of directors adopts the resolut ion relating thereto. 
   
 17 
 
 
(c) Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation, in order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, the board of directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the board of directors, and which record date shall not be more than 10 days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the board of directors. If no record date for determining stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting is fixed by the board of directors, (i) when no prior action of the board of directors is required by law, the record date for such purpose shall be the first date on which a signed written consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the corporation in accordance with applicable law, and (ii) if prior action by the board of directors is required by law, the record date for such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the board of directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action. 
 ARTICLE VII 
 GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 Section 1.  Dividends. Dividends upon the capital stock of the corporation, subject to the provisions of the certificate of incorporation, if any, may be declared by the board of directors at any regular or special meeting, pursuant to law. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the capital stock, subject to the provisions of the certificate of incorporation. Before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the directors from time to time, in their absolute discretion, think proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies, or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the corporation, or any other purpose and the directors may modify or abolish any such reserve in the manner in which it was created. 
 Section 2.  Checks, Drafts or Orders. All checks, drafts, or other orders for the payment of money by or to the corporation and all notes and other evidences of indebtedness issued in the name of the corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers, agent or agents of the corporation, and in such manner, as shall be determined by resolution of the board of directors or a duly authorized  committee thereof. 
 Section 3.  Contracts. The board of directors may authorize any officer or officers, or any agent or agents, of the corporation to enter into any contract or to execute and deliver any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the corporation, and such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. 
 Section 4.  Fiscal Year . The fiscal year of the corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the board of directors. 
 Section 5.  Corporate Seal. The board of directors shall provide a corporate seal which shall be in the form of a circle and shall have inscribed thereon the name of the corporation and the words "Corporate Seal, Delaware." The seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise. 
   
 18 
 
 
 Section 6.  Voting Securities Owned by Corporation. Voting securities in any other corporation or entity held by the corporation shall be voted by the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer or the President, unless the board of directors specifically confers authority to vote with respect thereto, which authority may be general or confirmed to specific instances, upon some other person or officer. Any person authorized to vote securities in any other corporation or entity shall have the power to appoint proxies, with general power of substitution. 
 Section 7.  Section Headings. Section headings in these bylaws are for convenience of reference only and shall not be given any substantive effect in limiting or otherwise construing any provision herein. 
 Section 8.  Inconsistent Provisions. In the event that any provision of these bylaws is or becomes inconsistent with any provision of the certificate of incorporation, the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or any other applicable law, the provision of these bylaws shall not be given any effect to the extent of such inconsistency but shall otherwise be given full force and effec t. 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 AMENDMENTS 
These bylaws may be amended, altered or repealed and new bylaws adopted at any meeting of the board of directors. The fact that the power to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the bylaws has been conferred upon the board of directors shall not divest the stockholders of the same powers. 
 ARTICLE IX 
 FORUM SELECTION 
Unless the corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the corporation, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the corporation to the corporation or the corporation's stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, or (d) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of capital stock of the corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Article IX. 
   
 19 
