 htm 63658 Articles of incorporation 3 2017-03-15T15:31:13.69073-05:00 Filing 0001193125-17-083628 2017-03-15 10-K Annual  & Quarterly Reports 0001017968 EDGEWATER TECHNOLOGY INC/DE/ EDGW COM Nasdaq Global Market 7363 Help Supply Services MASSACHUSETTS DELAWARE DELAWARE STAFFMARK INC false 000-20971 EX-3.2 Exhibit Exhibit 2 d290293dex32.htm EX-3.2 2 d290293dex32.htm EX-3.2 
 Exhibit 3.2 
 THE AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 BY-LAWS OF 
 EDGEWATER TECHNOLOGY, INC., AS AMENDED 
 (As Amended Through February 16, 2017) 
 ARTICLE I-STOCKHOLDERS 
 SECTION 1.  Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation shall be held on such date, at such time and at such place within or without the State of Delaware as may be designated by the Board of Directors, for the purpose of electing Directors and for the transaction of such other business as may be properly brought before the meeting. 
 SECTION 2  Special Meetings. Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, a special meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation shall be called only by the secretary of the Corporation at the request of (i) a majority of the total number of Directors which the Corporation at the time would have if there were no vacancies or (ii) by any person authorized by the Board of Directors (through a vote of a majority of the total number of Directors which the Corporation at the time would have if there were no vacancies) to call a special meeting. Any special meeting of the stockholders shall be held on such date, at such time and at such place within or without the State of Delaware as the Board of Directors or the authorized person requesting such special meeting may designate. At a special meeting of the stockholders, no business shall be transacted and no corporation action shall be taken other  than that stated in the notice of the meeting. 
 SECTION 3  Notice of Meetings. Except as otherwise provided in these By-Laws or by law, a written notice of each meeting of the stockholders shall be given not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder of the Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting at his address as it appears on the records of the Corporation. The notice shall state the place, date and hour of the meeting and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. 
 SECTION 4  Quorum. At any meeting of the stockholders, the holders of a majority in number of the total outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum of the stockholders for all purposes, unless the representation of a larger number of shares shall be required by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these By-Laws, in which case the representation of the number of shares so required shall constitute a quorum; provided that at any meeting of the stockholders at which the holders of any class of stock of the Corporation shall be entitled to vote separately as a class, the holders of a majority in 
 
 
number of the total outstanding shares of such class, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for purposes of such class vote unless the representation of a larger number of shares of such class shall be required by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation, or by these By-Laws. 
 SECTION 5.  Adjourned Meetings. Whether or not a quorum shall be present in person or represented by proxy at any meeting of the stockholders, the holders of a majority in number of the shares of stock of the Corporation present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at such meeting may adjourn from time to time; provided, however, that if the holders of any class of stock of the Corporation are entitled to vote separately as a class upon any matter at such meeting, any adjournment of the meeting in respect of action of such class upon such matter shall be determined by the holders of a majority of the shares of such class present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at such meeting. When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournments is taken. At the adjourned meeting the stockholders, or the holder of any class of stock entitled to vote separately as a class, as the case may be, may transact any business which might have been transacted by them at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than thirty days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting. 
 SECTION 6.  Organization. The President or, in his absence, any Vice President shall call all meetings of the stockholders to order, and shall act as Chairman of such meetings. In the absence of the President and all of the Vice Presidents, the holders of a majority in number of the shares of stock of the Corporation present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at  such meeting shall elect a Chairman. 
The Secretary of the Corporation shall act as Secretary of all meetings of the stockholders; but in the absence of the Secretary, the Chairman may appoint any person to act as Secretary of the meeting. It shall be the duty of the Secretary to prepare and make, at least ten days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting, arranged in alphabetical order and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open, either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held, for the ten days next preceding the meeting, to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, and shall be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof and subject to the inspection of any stockholder who may be present. 
 SECTION 7.  Voting. Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or by law, each stockholder shall be entitled to one vote for each share of the capital stock of the Corporation registered in the name of such stockholder upon the books of the Corporation. Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders may authorize another person or persons  to act for him by proxy, but no such proxy shall be voted or 
   
 -2- 
 
 
acted upon after three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. When directed by the presiding officer or upon the demand of any stockholder, the vote upon any matter before a meeting of stockholders shall be by ballot. Except as otherwise provided by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation, Directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders by the stockholders entitled to vote in the election and, whenever any corporate action, other than the election of Directors is to be taken, it shall be authorized by a majority of the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders by the stockholders entitled to vote thereon. 
Shares of the capital stock of the Corporation belonging to the Corporation or to another corporation, if a majority of the shares entitled to vote in the election of directors of such other corporation is held, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation, shall neither be entitled to vote nor be counted for quorum purposes. 
 SECTION 8.  Inspectors. When required by law or directed by the presiding officer or upon the demand of any stockholder entitled to vote, but not otherwise, the polls shall be opened and closed, the proxies and ballots shall be received and taken in charge, and all questions touching the qualification of voters, the validity of proxies and the acceptance or rejection of votes shall be decided at any meeting of the stockholders by two or more inspectors who may be appointed by the Board of Directors before the meeting, or if not so appointed, shall be appointed by the presiding officer at the meeting. If any person so appointed fails to appear or act, the vacancy may be filled by appointment in like manner. 
 SECTION 9.  Consent of Stockholders in Lieu of Meeting. Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders may be taken without a meeting and without a vote, if a consent in writing, meeting the requirements of the succeeding proviso and setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the record holders of outstanding stock as of the record date duly established by the Board of Directors consistent with these By-Laws having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted; provided, however, no purported action shall be effective by written consent unless written notice of the proposed action is provided to the secretary of the Corporation and the Board of Directors shall have been provided the opportunity to meet, within ten days of the secretary's receipt of such written notice, and duly establish a record date which shall be effective for taking such action by the written consent, which record date shall be as of a date within ten days of the date upon which the Board of Directors shall have met to consider, and establish a record date, for the proposed action by written consent set forth in such notice. Prompt notice of the taking of any such corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing. 
 SECTION 10.  Notice of Stockholder Business and Nominations. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors of the Corporation and the proposal of business to be considered by the stockholders may be made at an annual meeting of stockholders (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of Directors which the Corporation at the  time 
   
 -3- 
 
 
would have if there were no vacancies or (ii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who is entitled to vote at the meeting with respect to the election of Directors or the business to be proposed by such stockholder, as the case may be, who complies with the notice procedures set forth below and who is a stockholder of record at the time such notice is deliv ered to the secretary of the Corporation as provided below. 
For nominations or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (ii) of the preceding paragraph, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the secretary of the Corporation and such business must be a proper subject for stockholder action under the Delaware General Corporation Law. To be timely, a stockholder's notice shall be delivered to the secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive office of the Corporation not less than sixty days nor more than ninety days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting; provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced by more than 30 days, or delayed by more than 30 days, from such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so delivered not earlier than the ninetieth day prior to such annual meeting and not later than either the close of business on the tenth day following the earlier of (i) the day on which notice of the date of such meeting was mailed or (ii) the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made. Such stockholder's notice shall set forth (x) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director all information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of Directors, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including such person's written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected; (y) as to any other business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting, the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made; and (z) as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made (A) the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the Corporation's books, and of such beneficial owner and (B) the class and number of shares of the Corporation which are owned beneficially and of record by such stockholder and such beneficial owner. 
Notwithstanding anything in the second sentence of the preceding paragraph to the contrary, in the event that the number of Directors to be elected to the Board of Directors is increased and there is no public announcement naming all of the nominees for director or specifying the size of the increased Board of Directors made by the Corporation at least eighty days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting, a stockholders' notice required by the preceding paragraph shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to the secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the tenth day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Corporation. 
   
 -4- 
 
 
 ARTICLE II 
 BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 SECTION 1.  Number and Term of Office. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of a Board of Directors, none of whom need be stockholders of the Corporation. The number of Directors constituting the Board of Directors shall be eight members; provided, however, that the number of Directors constituting the Board of Directors may be adjusted from time to time by (i) a By-Law amending this Section 1 duly adopted by the Board of Directors or by the stockholders or (ii) a resolution passed by a majority of the Board of Directors. The Director shall, except as hereinafter otherwise provided for filling vacancies, be elected at the annual meeting of stockholders, and shall hold office until their respective  successors are elected and qualified or until their earlier resignation or removal. 
 SECTION 2.  Vacancies and Additional Directors. Unless otherwise required by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, vacancies on the Board of Directors caused by death, resignation, retirement or disqualification, and any newly created directorship resulting from any increase in the authorized number of Directors, may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Directors then in office, although less than a quorum, and any Director so elected to fill any such vacancy or newly created directorship shall hold office until his successor is elected and qualified or until his earlier resignation or removal; however, the stockholders shall have the exclusive ability to fill any vacancies on the Board of Directors arising from the removal of any Director(s) by the stockholders, and any Director(s) so chosen shall hold office until a successor is elected and qualified or until such Director's earlier resignation or removal. 
 SECTION 3.  Place of Meeting. The Board of Directors may hold its meetings in such place or places in the State of Delaware or outside the State of Delaware as the Board from time to time shall determine. 
 SECTION 4.  Regular Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at such times and places as the Board from time to time by resolution shall determine. No notice shall be required for any regular meeting of the Board of Directors; but a copy of every resolution fixing or changing the time or place of regular meetings shall be mailed to every Director at least five  days before the first meeting held in pursuance thereof. 
 SECTION 5.  Special Meeting. Special meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held whenever called by direction of the President, the Chairman of the Board or by any two of the Directors then in office. 
Notice of the day, hour and place of holding of each special meeting shall be given by mailing the same at least two days before the meeting or by causing the same to be transmitted by telegraph, cable or wireless at least one day before the meeting to each Director. Unless otherwise indicated in the notice thereof, any and all business other than an amendment of these By-Laws may be transacted at any special meeting, and an amendment of these By-Laws may be acted upon if the notice of the meeting shall have stated that the amendment of these By-Laws is one of the purposes of the meeting. At any meeting at which every Director shall be present, even though without any notice, any business may be transacted, inc luding the amendment of these By-Laws. 
   
 -5- 
 
 
 SECTION 6.  Quorum. Subject to the provisions of Section 2 of this Article II, a majority of the members of the Board of Directors in office (but in no case less than one-third of the total number of Directors nor less than two Directors) shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and the vote of the majority of the Directors present at any meeting of the Board of Directors at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors. If at any meeting of the Board there is less than a quorum present, a majority of those prese nt may adjourn the meeting from time to time. 
 SECTION 7.  Organization. The Chairman of the Board shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors. In the absence of the Chairman, an acting Chairman shall be elected from the Directors present to preside at such meeting. The Secretary of the Corporation shall act as Secretary of all meetings of the Directors; but in the absence of the Secretary, the Chairman may appoint  any person to act as Secretary of the meeting. 
 SECTION 8.  Committees. The Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole Board, designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the Directors of the Corporation. The Board may designate one or more Directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence of disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not be or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided by resolution passed by a majority of the whole Board, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to amending the Certificate of Incorporation, adopting an agreement of merger or consolidation, recommending to the stockholders the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the Corporation's property and assets, recommending to the stockholders a dissolution of the Corporation or a revocation of a dissolution, or amending these By-Laws; and unless such resolution, these By-Laws, or the Certificate of Incorporation expressly to provide, no such committee shall have the power or author ity to declare a dividend or to authorize the issuance of stock. 
 SECTION 9.  Conference Telephone Meetings. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these By-Laws, the members of the Board of Directors or any committee designated by the Board, may participate in a meeting of the Board of such committee, as the case may be, by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 
 SECTION 10.  Consent of Directors or Committee in Lieu of Meeting. Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these By-Laws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors, or any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing and the writing or writings are filed wi th the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee, as the case may be. 
   
 -6- 
 
 
 ARTICLE III 
 OFFICERS 
 SECTION 1.  Officers. The officers of the Corporation may be a President, one or more Vice Presidents, a Secretary and a Treasurer, and such additional officers, if any, as shall be elected by the Board of Directors pursuant to the provisions of Section 6 of this Article III. The President, one or more Vice Presidents, the Secretary and the Treasurer shall be elected by the Board of Directors at its first meeting after each annual meeting of the stockholders. The failure to hold such election shall not of itself terminate the term of office of any officer. All officers shall hold office at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. Any officer may resign at any time upon written notice to the Corporation. Officers may, but need not,  be Directors. Any number of offices may be held by the same person. 
All officers, agents and employees shall be subject to removal, with or without cause, at any time by the Board of Directors. The removal of an officer without cause shall be without prejudice to his contract rights, if any. The election or appointment of an officer shall not of itself create contract rights. All agents and employees other than officers elected by the Board of Directors shall also be subject to removal, with or without cause, at any time by the officers appointing them. 
Any vacancy caused by the death of any officer, his resignation, his removal, or otherwise, may be filled by the Board of Directors, and any officer so elected shall hold office at  the pleasure of the Board of Directors. 
In addition to the powers and duties of the officers of the Corporation as set forth in these By-Laws, the officers shall have such authority and shall perform such duties as from  time to time may be determined by the Board of Directors. 
 SECTION 2.  Powers and Duties of the President. The President shall be the chief executive officer of the Corporation, and subject to the control of the Board of Directors, shall have general charge and control of all its business and affairs and shall have all powers and shall perform all duties incident to the office of President. He shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and at all meetings of the Board of Directors and shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may from time to time be assigned to him by these By-Laws or by the Board of Directors . 
 SECTION 3.  Powers and Duties of the Vice Presidents. Each Vice President shall have all powers and shall perform all duties incident to the office of Vice President and shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may from time to time be assigned to him by these By-Laws or by the Board of Directors or the President. 
   
 -7- 
 
 
 SECTION 4.  Powers and Duties of the Secretary. The Secretary shall keep the minutes of all meetings of the Board of Directors and the minutes of all meetings of the stockholders in books provided for that purpose, he shall attend to the giving or serving of all notices of the Corporation; he shall have custody of the corporate seal of the Corporation and shall affix the same to such documents and other papers as the Board of Directors or the President shall authorize and direct; he shall have charge of the stock certificate books, transfer books and stock ledgers and such other books and papers as the Board of Directors or the President shall direct, all of which shall at all reasonable times be open to the examination of any Director, upon application, at the office of the Corporation during business hours; and he shall have all powers and shall perform all duties incident to the office of Secretary and shall also have such other powers and shall perform such other duties as may from time to time be assigned to him by these By-Laws or by the Board of Directors or the President. 
 SECTION 5.  Powers and Duties of the Treasurer. The Treasurer shall have custody of, and when proper shall pay out, disburse or otherwise dispose of, all funds and securities of the Corporation which may have come into his hands; he may endorse on behalf of the Corporation for collection checks, notes and other obligations and shall deposit the same to the credit of the Corporation in such bank or banks or depository or depositories as the Board of Directors may designate; he shall sign all receipts and vouchers for payments made to the Corporation; he shall enter or cause to be entered regularly in the books of the Corporation kept for the purpose full and accurate accounts of all moneys received or paid or otherwise disposed of by him and whenever required by the Board of Directors or the President shall render statements of such accounts; he shall, at all reasonable times, exhibit his books and accounts to any Director of the Corporation upon application at the office of the Corporation during business hours; and he shall have all powers and shall perform all duties incident of the office of Treasurer and shall also have such other powers and shall perform such other duties as may from time to time be assigned to him by these By-Laws or by the Board of Directors or the President. 
 SECTION 6.  Additional Officers. The Board of Directors may from time to time elect such other officers (who may but need not be Directors), including a Controller, Assistant Treasurer, Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Controllers, as the Board may deem advisable and such officers shall have such authority and shall perform such duties as may from time to time be assigned to them by th e Board of Directors or the President. 
The Board of Directors may from time to time by resolution delegate to any Assistant Treasurer or Assistant Treasurers any of the powers or duties herein assigned to the Treasurer; and may similarly delegate to any Assistant Secretary or Assistant Secretaries any of the powers or duties herein assigned to the Secretary. 
 SECTION 7.  Giving of Bond by Officers. All officers of the Corporation, if required to do so by the Board of Directors, shall furnish bonds to the Corporation for the faithful performance of their duties, in such pena lties and with such conditions and security as the Board shall require. 
 SECTION 8.  Voting Upon Stocks. Unless otherwise ordered by the Board of Directors, the President or any Vice President shall have full power and authority on behalf of the Corporation to attend and to act and to vote, or in the name of the Corporation to execute proxies to vote, at any meeting of stockholders of any corporation in which the Corporation may hold stock, and at any such meeting shall possess and may exercise, in person or by proxy, any and all rights, powers and privileges incident to the ownership of such stock. The Board of Directors may from time  to time, by resolution, confer like powers upon any other person or persons. 
   
 -8- 
 
 
 SECTION 9.  Compensation of Officers. The officers of the Corporation shall be entitled to receive such compensation for their services as shall from time to time be determined by the Board of Directors. 
 ARTICLE IV 
 INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS 
 SECTION 1.  Nature of Indemnity. The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he is or was or has agreed to become a Director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was serving or has agreed to serve at the request to the Corporation as a Director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, or by reason of any action alleged to have been taken or omitted in such capacity, and may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to such an action, suit or proceeding by reason of the fact that he is or was or has agreed to become an employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving or has agreed to serve at the request of the Corporation, as an employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with such action, suit or proceeding and any appeal therefrom, if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful, except that in the case of an action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor (1) such indemnification shall be limited to expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in the defense or settlement of such action or suit, and (2) no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation unless and only to the extent that the Delaware Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Delaware Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem  proper. 
The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. 
   
 -9- 
 
 
 SECTION 2.  Successful Defense. To the extent that a Director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in Section 1 of this Article IV or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, he shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably  incurred by him in connection therewith. 
 SECTION 3.  Determination that Indemnification is Proper. Any indemnification of a Director or officer of the Corporation under Section 1 of this Article IV (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the Corporation unless a determination is made that indemnification of the Director or officer is not proper in the circumstances because he has not met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 1. Any indemnification of an employee or agent of the Corporation under Section 1 (unless ordered by a court) may be made by the Corporation upon a determination that indemnification of the employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because he has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 1. Any such determination shall be made (1) by the Board of Directors by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of Directors who were not parties to such actions, suit or proceeding, or (2) if such a quorum is not obtainable, or, even if obtainable a quorum of disinterested Directors so directs, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (3) by the stockholders. 
 SECTION 4.  Advance Payment of Expenses. Unless the Board of Directors otherwise determines in a specific case, expenses incurred by a Director or officer in defending a civil or criminal action, suite or proceeding shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the Director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this Article IV. Such expenses incurred by other employees and agents may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the Board of Directors deems appropriate. The Board of Directors may authorize the Corporation's legal counsel to represent such Director, officer, employee or agent in any action, suit or proceeding, whether or not the Corporation is a party to such action, suit or proceeding. 
 SECTION 5.  Survival: Preservation of Other Rights. The foregoing indemnification provisions shall be deemed to be a contract between the Corporation and each Director, officer, employee and agent who serves in any such capacity at any time while these provisions as well as the relevant provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law are in effect and any repeal or modification thereof shall not affect any right or obligation then existing with respect to any state of facts then or previously existing or any action, suit or proceeding previously or thereafter brought or threatened based in whole or in part upon any such state of facts. Such a contract right may not be modified retroactively without the consent of such Director, officer, employee or agent. 
The indemnification provided by this Article IV shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those indemnified may be entitled under any by-law, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested Directors or otherwise, both as to action in his official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office, and shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a Director, officer, employee or agent shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. The corporation may enter into an agreement with any of its Directors, officers, employees or agents providing for indemnification and advancement of expenses, including attorneys fees, that may change, enhance, qualify or limit any right to indemnification or advancement of expenses created by this Article IV. 
   
 -10- 
 
 
 SECTION 6.  Severability. If this Article IV or any portion hereof shall be invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, then the Corporation shall nevertheless indemnify each Director or officer and may indemnify each employee or agent of the Corporation as to costs, charges and expenses (including attorney's fees), judgment, fines and amounts paid in settlement with respect to any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, including an action by or in the right of the corporation, to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable portion of this Article IV that shall not have been invalidated and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. 
 SECTION 7.  Subrogation. In the event of payment of indemnification to a person described in Section 1 of this Article IV, the Corporation shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to any right of recovery such person may have and such person, as a condition of receiving indemnification from the Corporation, shall execute all documents and do all things that the Corporation may deem necessary or desirable to perfect such right of recovery, including the execution of such documents necessary to enable the Corporation effectively to enforce any such r ecovery. 
 SECTION 8.  No Duplication of Payments. The Corporation shall not be liable under this Article IV to make any payments in connection with any claim made against a person described in Section 1 of this Article IV to the extent such person has otherwise received payment (under any insurance policy, by-law or otherwise) of the amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder. 
 ARTICLE V 
 STOCK SEAL FISCAL YEAR 
 SECTION 1.  Certificates for Shares of Stock. The shares of the Corporation shall be represented by certificates, provided that the Board of Directors may provide by resolution that some or all of any or all classes or series of the Corporation's stock shall be uncertificated shares. All certificates shall be signed by the President or a Vice President and by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary or the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer, and shall not be valid unless so signed. Any or all the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar whose signature or facsimile signature appears on a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if such person were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. 
The Board of Directors may appoint a transfer agent and one or more co-transfer agents and a registrar and one or more co-registrars of transfer and may make or authorize the transfer agents to make all such rules and regulations deemed expedient concerning the issue, transfer and registration of shares of stock. If the Corporation has a transfer agent or agents or transfer clerk and registrar of transfers acting on its behalf, the signature of any officer or representative thereof may be in facsimile. 
   
 -11- 
 
 
All certificates for shares of stock shall be consecutively numbered as the same are issued. The name of the person owning the shares represented thereby with the number of such shares and the date of issue thereof shall be entered on the books of the Corporation. Except as hereinafter provided, all certificates surrendered to the Corporation for transfer shall be canceled, and no new certificates shall be issued until former certificates for the same number of shares have been surrendered and canceled. 
 SECTION 2.  Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates. Whenever a person owning a certificate for shares of stock of the Corporation alleges that it has been lost, stolen or destroyed, he shall file in the office of the Corporation an affidavit setting forth, to the best of his knowledge and belief, the time, place and circumstances of the loss, theft or destruction, and if required by the Board of Directors, a bond of indemnity or other indemnification sufficient in the opinion of the Board of Directors to indemnify the Corporation and its agents against any claim that may be made against it or them on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of a new certificate in replacement therefor. Thereupon the Corporation may cause to be issued to such person a new certificate in replacement for the certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed. Upon the stub of every new certificate so issued shall be noted the fact of such issue and the number, date and the name of the registered owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate in lieu of which the new certif icate is issued. 
 SECTION 3.  Transfer of Shares. Shares of stock of the Corporation shall be transferred on the books of the Corporation by the holder hereof, in person or by his attorney duly authorized in writing, upon surrender and cancellation of certificates for the number of shares of stock to be transferred, except as provided in or contemplated by this Article V or resolution of the Board of Dire ctors. 
 SECTION 4.  Regulations. The Board of Directors shall have power and authority to make such rules and regulations as it may deem expedient concerning the issue, transfer and registration of certificates  for shares of stock or uncertificated shares of stock of the Corporation. 
 SECTION 5.  Record Date. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting or to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, as the case may be, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be (i) more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting, or (ii) in the case of corporate action to be taken by consent in writing without a meeting, prior to, or more than ten (10) days after, the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, or (iii) more than sixty (60) days pri or to any other action. 
   
 -12- 
 
 
If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or so vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of the business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held; the record date for determining stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the Board of Directors is necessary, shall be the day on which the first written consent is delivered to the Corporation; and the record date for determining stockholders for any other purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. A determination of stockholders of record shall be made in accordance with this Article V and any determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any meeting or any adjournment of the meeting; provided, howev er, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. 
 SECTION 6.  Dividends. Subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of Directors shall have power to declare and pay dividends upon shares of stock of the Corporation, but o nly out of funds available for the payment of dividends as provided by law. 
Subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, any dividends declared upon the stock of the Corporation shall be payable on such date or dates as the Board of Directors shall determine. If the date fixed for the payment of any dividend shall in any year fall upon a legal holiday, then the dividend payable on such date shall be paid on the nex t day not a legal holiday. 
 SECTION 7.  Corporate Seal. The Board of Directors shall provide a suitable seal, containing the name of the Corporation, which seal shall be kept in the custody of the Secretary. A duplicate of the seal may be kept and be used by any officer of the Corporation designated by the Board of Directors or the President. 
 SECTION 8.  Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be such fiscal year as the Board of Directors from time to time by resolution shall determine. 
 SECTION 9.  Stockholders of Record. The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends or other distributions, to receive notifications, to vote as such owner, and to exercise all the rights and powers of an owner. The Corporation shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise may be provided by the Delaware  General Corporation Law. 
 ARTICLE VI 
 MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
 SECTION 1.  Checks, Notes, Etc. All checks, drafts, bills of exchange, acceptances, notes or other obligations or orders for the payment of money shall be signed and, if so required by the Board of Directors, countersigned by such officers of the Corporation and/or other persons as the Board of Directors from time to time shall designate. 
Checks, drafts, bills of exchange, acceptance notes, obligations and orders for the payment of money made payable to the Corporation may be endorsed for deposit to the credit of the Corporation with a duly authorized depository by the Treasurer and/or such other officers or persons as the Board of Directors from time to time may designate. 
   
 -13- 
 
 
 SECTION 2.  Loans. No loans and no renewals of any loans shall be contracted on behalf of the Corporation except as authorized by the Board of Directors. When authorized to do so, any officer or agent of the Corporation may effect loans and advances for the Corporation from any bank, trust company or other institution or from any firm, corporation or individual, and for such loans and advances may make, execute and deliver promissory notes, bonds or other evidences of indebtedness of the Corporation. When authorized so to do, any officer or agent of the Corporation may pledge, hypothecate or transfer, as security for the payment of any and all loans, advances, indebtedness and liabilities of the Corporation, any and all stocks, securities and other personal property at any time held by the Corporation, and to that end may endorse, assign and deliver the same. Such authority may be general or confined to  specific instances. 
 SECTION 3.  Contracts. Except as otherwise provided in these By-Laws or by law or as otherwise directed by the Board of Directors, the President or any Vice President shall be authorized to execute and deliver, in the name and on behalf of the Corporation, all agreements, bonds, contracts, deeds, mortgages, and other instruments, either for the Corporation's own account or in a fiduciary or other capacity, and the seal of the Corporation, if appropriate, shall be affixed thereto by any of such officers or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary. The Board of Directors, the President or any Vice President designated by the Board of Directors may authorize any other officer, employee or agent to execute and deliver, in the name and on behalf of the Corporation, agreements, bonds, contracts, deeds, mortgages, and other instruments, either for the Corporation's own account or in a fiduciary or other capacity, and, if appropriate, to affix the seal of the Corporation thereto. The grant of such authority by the Board or any such officer may be general or confined to specific instances. 
 SECTION 4.  Waivers of Notice. Whenever any notice whatever is required to be given by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these By-Laws to any person or persons, a waiver thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to the notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent thereto. 
 SECTION 5.  Offices Outside of Delaware. Except as otherwise required by the laws of the State of Delaware, the Corporation may have an office or offices and keep its books, documents and papers outside of the State of Delaware at such place or places as from time to time may be determined by the Board of Directors or the President. 
 ARTICLE VII 
 AMENDMENTS 
These By-Laws and any amendment thereof may be altered, amended or repealed, or new By-Laws may be adopted, by the Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting by the affirmative vote of a majority of all of the members of the Board, provided in the case of any special meeting at which all of the members of the Board are not present, that the notice of such meeting shall have stated that the amendment of these By-Laws was one of the purposes of the meeting; but these By-Laws and any amendment 
   
 -14- 
 
 
thereof may be altered, amended or repealed or new By-Laws may be adopted by the holders of a majority of the total outstanding stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at any annual meeting or at any special meeting provided, in the case of any special meeting, that notice of such proposed alteration, amendment, repeal or adoption is included in the notice  of the meeting. 
   
 -15- 
