 htm 160955 Articles of incorporation 3 2016-07-19T11:17:51.42722-05:00 Filing 0001437749-16-028656 2016-03-30 10-K Annual  & Quarterly Reports 0000008328 Applied Minerals, Inc. AMNL COMMON OTC 1011 Iron Ores No NEW YORK DELAWARE DELAWARE ATLAS MINING CO true Non-accelerated Filer 000-31380 EXHIBIT 3.2 Exhibit Exhibit 3 ex3-2.htm EX-3.2 3 ex3-2.htm EXHIBIT 3.2 
 Exhibit 3.2 
   
   
 AMENDED AND RESTATED BY-LAWS 
 OF 
 APPLIED MINERALS, INC. 
     
   
 ARTICLE I. 
   
 Stockholders' Meeting 
   
   
 
 1.   
 
 Place of Meeting.  Meetings of the stockholders shall be held at the registered office of the Corporation in Delaware, or at such other place within or without the State of Delaware as may be desig nated by the Board of Directors or the stockholders. 
 
   
 
 2.   
 
 Annual Meeting.  The annual meeting of the stockholders shall be held on such date and at such time and place as the Board of Directors may designate. The date, place and time of the annual meeting shall be stated in the notice of such meeting delivered to or mailed to stockholders. At such annual meeting the stockholders shall elect directors, in accordance with the requirements of the Certificate of Incorporation, and transact such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting. 
 
   
 
 3.   
 
 Quorum.  The holders of stock representing a majority of the voting power of all shares of stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, present in person or by proxy, shall be requisite for and shall constitute a quorum of all meetings of the stockholders, except as otherwise provided by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these By-laws. If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of the stockholders, the stockholders present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote shall, by the vote of holders of stock representing a majority of the voting power of all shares present at the meeting, have the power to adjourn the meeting from time to time in the manner pro vided in paragraph 4 of Article I of these By-laws until a quorum shall be present. 
 
   
 
 4.   
 
 Adjournments.  Any meeting of stockholders, annual or special, may adjourn from time to time to reconvene at the same or some other place, and notice need not be given of any such adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting the Corporation may transact any business that might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than thirty days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. 
 
   
   
 
   
   
 
   
 
   
 
 5.   
 
 Voting; Proxies.  At each meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, every stockholder having the right to vote may authorize another person to act for him or her by proxy. Such authorization must be in writing and executed by the stockholder or his or her authorized officer, director, employee, or agent. To the extent permitted by law, a stockholder may authorize another person or persons to act for him or her as proxy by transmitting or authorizing the transmission of a telegram, cablegram or other means of electronic transmission to the person who will be the holder of the proxy or to a proxy solicitation firm, proxy support service organization or like agent duly authorized by the person who will be the holder of the proxy to receive such transmission provided that the telegram, cablegram or electronic transmission either sets forth or is submitted with information from which it can be determined that the telegram, cablegram or other electronic transmission was authorized by the stockholder. A copy, facsimile transmission or other reliable reproduction of a writing or transmission authorized by this paragraph 5 of Article I may be substituted for or used in lieu of the original writing or electronic transmission for any and all purposes for which the original writing or transmission could be used, provided that such copy, facsimile transmission or other reproduction shall be a complete reproduction of the entire original wr iting or transmission. 
      No proxy authorized hereby shall be voted or acted upon more than three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. No ballot, proxies or votes, nor any revocations thereof or changes thereto shall be accepted after the time set for the closing of the polls pursuant to paragraph 11 of Article I of these By-laws unless the Court of Chancery upon application of a stockholder shall determine otherwise. Each proxy shall be delivered to the inspectors of election prior to or at the meeting. A duly executed proxy shall be irrevocable if it states that it is irrevocable and if, and only as long as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power. A stockholder may revoke any proxy which is not irrevocable by attending the meeting and voting in person or by filing an instrument in writing revoking the proxy or by filing a subsequent duly executed proxy with the Secretary of the Corporation. Unless a greater number of affirmative votes is required by the Certificate of Incorporation, these By-laws, the rules or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the Corporation, or as otherwise required by law or pursuant to any regulation applicable to the Corporation, if a quorum exists at any meeting of stockholders, stockholders shall have approved any matter, other than the election of directors, if the votes cast by stockholders present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the matter in favor of such matter exceed the votes cast by such stockholders against such matter. A nominee for director shall be elected  to the Board of Directors by a plurality of the votes cast at any meeting of stockholders. 
     
 
 6.   
 
 Notice.  Written notice of an annual or special meeting shall be given to each stockholder entitled to vote thereat, not less than ten nor more than sixty days prior to the meeting. The notice shall state the place, date and hour of the meeting, the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (if such date is different from the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting), the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, and the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at his or her address as it appears on the records of the Corporation. 
 
   
   
 
   
 2 
 
   
 
   
 
 7.   
 
 Inspectors of Election.  The Corporation shall, in advance of any meeting of stockholders, appoint one or more inspectors of election to act at the meeting and make a written report thereof. The Corporation may designate one or more persons as alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act. In the event that no inspector so appointed or designated is able to act at a meeting of stockholders, the person presiding at the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of his or her duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of his or her ability. The inspector or inspectors so appointed or designated shall (i) ascertain the number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation outstanding and the voting power of each such share, (ii) determine the shares of capital stock of the Corporation represented at the meeting and the validity of proxies and ballots, (iii) count all votes and ballots, (iv) determine and retain for a reasonable period a record of the disposition of any challenges made to any determination by the inspectors, and (v) certify their determination of the number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation represented at the meeting and such inspectors' count of all votes and ballots. Such certification shall specify such other information as may be required by law. In determining the validity and counting of proxies and ballots cast at any meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, the inspectors may consider such information as is permitted by applicable law. No person who is a candidate for an office at an election may serve as an inspector at such election. 
   
In the event of the delivery, in the manner provided by Article I, Paragraph 15 of these By-Laws and applicable law, to the Corporation of written consent or written consents to take corporate action and/or any related revocation or revocations, the Corporation shall appoint one or more Inspectors of Election who shall perform a ministerial review of the val idity of the consents and revocations.  Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of his or her duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of his or her ability. For the purpose of permitting the Inspectors to perform such review, no action by written consent and without a meeting shall be effective until such Inspectors have completed their review, determined that the requisite number of valid and unrevoked consents delivered to the Corporation in accordance with Article I, Paragraph 15 of these By-Laws and applicable law have been obtained to authorize or take the action specified in the consents, and certified such determination for entry in the records of the Corporation kept for the purpose of recording the proceedings of meetings of Stockholders. Nothing contained herein shall in any way be construed to suggest or imply that the Board of Directors or any Stockholder shall not be entitled to contest the validity of any consent or revocation thereof, whether before or after such certification by the Inspectors, or to take any other action (including, without limitation, the commencement, prosecution or defense of any litigation with respect thereto, and the seeking of injunctive  relief in such litigation). 
 
   
   
 
   
 3 
 
   
 
   
 
 8.   
 
 Stock List.  At least ten days before every meeting of the stockholders a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at said meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, with the post office address of each, and the number of shares held by each, shall be prepared by the Secretary. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder for any purpose germane to the meeting (i) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided the information required to gain access to the list is provided with the notice of meeting or (ii) during ordinary business hours at the principal place of business of the Corporation. If the meeting is to be held at a place, then a list of stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting shall be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof and may be examined by any stockholder who is present. If the meeting is to be held solely by means of remote communication, then the list shall also be open to the examination of any stockholder during the whole time of the meeting on a reasonably accessible electronic network, and the information required to access such list shall be provided with the notice of the meeting. Except as otherwise provided by law, the original or duplicate stock ledger shall be provided at the time and place of each meeting and shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the list of stockholders or to  vote in person or by proxy at such meeting. 
 
   
   
 
   
 4 
 
   
 
   
 
 9.   
 
 Special Meetings.  Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of stock having a preference over the Common Stock of the Corporation as to dividends or upon liquidation ("Preferred Stock") with respect to such series of Preferred Stock, special meetings of the stockholders for any purpose or purposes may be called by the Chair of the Board, and shall be called by the Chair of the Board, if any, the President, or the Secretary at the request in writing of a majority of the Board of Directors or one or more record holders of shares of stock of the Corporation representing in the aggregate not less than twenty percent (20%) of the combined voting power of the then outstanding shares and series of capital stock entitled to vote on the matter or matters to be brought before the proposed special meeting ("Requisite Percentage"). A special meeting request shall be signed and dated by each Stockholder of record (or a duly authorized agent of such Stockholder) requesting the special meeting (each, a "Requesting Stockholder") and directed to the Secretary and (a) shall include (i) an acknowledgement by the Requesting Stockholders and the beneficial owners, if any, on whose behalf the special meeting request(s) are being made that a disposition of shares of the Corporation's Common Stock owned of record or beneficially as of the date on which the special meeting request in respect of such shares is delivered to the Secretary that is made at any time prior to the special meeting shall constitute a revocation of such special meeting request with respect to such disposed shares and (ii) documentary evidence that the Requesting Stockholders own the Requisite Percentage as of the date of such written request to the Secretary;  provided, however, that if the Requesting Stockholders are not the beneficial owners of the shares representing the Requisite Percentage, then to be valid, the special meeting request(s) must also include documentary evidence (or, if not simultaneously provided with the special meeting request(s), such documentary evidence must be delivered to the Secretary within ten (10) business days after the date on which the special meeting request(s) are delivered to the Secretary) that the beneficial owners on whose behalf the special meeting request(s) are made beneficially own the Requisite Percentage as of the date on which such special meeting request(s) are delivered to the Secretary and (b)  shall be accompanied by a notice setting forth the information required by paragraph 13 of this Article or paragraph 12 of Article II of these By-laws, as applicable, as though the Stockholders were providing notice for an annual meeting under paragraph 13 of this Article or paragraph 12 of Article II of these By-laws as to any nominations proposed to be presented and any other business proposed to be conducted at such special meeting and as to the stockholder(s) requesting the special meeting, as well as the written questionnaire and written representation and agreement required by paragraph 14 of Article II of these By-laws from any nominee for election as a director of the Corporation. A special meeting requested by stockholders shall be held at such date, time and place within or without the state of Delaware as may be designated by the Board of Directors; provided, however, that the date of any such special meeting shall be not more than ninety (90) days after the request to call the special meeting by one or more stockholders who satisfy the requirements of this paragraph 9 of Article I is received by the Secretary. Notwithstanding, a special meeting will not be held and the Board of Directors shall not be obligated to set a record date for a special meeting if (i) the special meeting request does not comply the Corporation's By-Laws, (ii) such action is not a proper subject for stockholder action under applicable law, (iii) the request for a record date for such action is received by the Corporation during the period commencing ninety (90) days prior to the first anniversary of the date of the immediately preceding annual meeting and ending on the date of the next annual meeting or the period from the time notice of any special meeting is first given to shareholders and ending on the date of such meeting, (iv) an annual or special meeting of stockholders was held not more than thirty (30) days before such request for a record date was received by the secretary of the Corporation, (v) an item of business substantially the same as or substantially similar to such action ("Similar Item") is to be included in the Corporation's notice as an item of business to be brought before a meeting of the stockholders that is to be called within forty (40) days after the request for a record date is received and held as soon as practicable thereafter, or (vi) such record date request or any solicitation of consents to such action was made in a manner that involved a violation of Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") or other applicable law. For purposes of this paragraph, the nomination, election or removal of directors shall be deemed to be a Similar Item with respect to all actions involving the nomination, election or removal of directors, changing the size of the Board of Directors or filling of vacancies and/or newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors. The Board of Directors shall determine in good faith whether a rec ord date is required to be set under the provisions of this Article I, Paragraph 12. 
 
   
   
 
   
 5 
 
   
 
   
  A stockholder may revoke a request for a special meeting at any time by written revocation delivered to the Secretary, and if, following such revocation, there are un-revoked requests from stockholders holding in the aggregate less than the requisite number of shares entitling the stockholders to request the calling of a special meeting, the Board of Directors, in its discretion, may cancel the special meeting. If none of the stockholders who submitted the request for a special meeting appears or sends a qualified representative to present the nominations proposed to be presented or other business proposed to be conducted at the special meeting, the Corporation need not present such nominations or other business for a vote at such meeting. Business transacted at all special meetings shall be confined to the matters stated in the notice of special meeting. Business transacted at a special meeting requested by stockholders shall be limited to the matters described in the special meeting request; provided, however, that nothing herein shall prohibit the Board of Directors from submitting matters to the stockholders at any special meeting requested by stockholders. The Chair of a special meeting shall determine all matters relating to the conduct of the meeting, including, but not limited to, determining whether any nomination or other item of business has been properly brought before the meeting in accordance with these By-laws, and if the Chair should so determine and declare that any nomination or other item of business has not been properly brought before the special meeting, then such busines s shall not be transacted at such meeting. 
   
 
 10.   
 
 Organization.  Meetings of stockholders shall be presided over by the Chair of the Board, if any, or in his or her absence by a Chair designated by the Board of Directors, or in the absence of such designation by a Chair chosen at the meeting. The Secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his or her absence the Chair of the meeting may appoint any person to a ct as secretary of the meeting. 
 
   
 
 11.   
 
 Conduct of Meetings. The date and time of the opening and the closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at a meeting shall be announced at such meeting by the person presiding over the meeting. The Board of Directors of the Corporation may adopt by resolution such rules or regulations for the conduct of meetings of stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations as adopted by the Board of Directors, the chair of any meeting of stockholders shall have the right and authority to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chair, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board of Directors or prescribed by the chair of the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following: 
 
   
 
   
 
 (1) 
 
 the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting; 
 
   
 
 (2) 
 
 rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present; 
 
   
   
 
   
 6 
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 (3) 
 
limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting, to stockholders of record of the Corporation, their duly authorized and constituted proxies or such other persons as t he chair shall permit; 
 
   
 
 (4) 
 
 restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof, and 
 
   
 
 (5) 
 
limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants. Unless, and only to the extent, determined by the Board of Directors or the chair of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with rules of parliamentary procedure. 
 
   
 
 12.   
 
 Fixing Date for Determination of Stockholders of Record.    The Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors and which record date shall, unless otherwise required by law, not be more than sixty nor less than ten days before the date of such meeting. If the Board of Directors so fixes a date, such date shall also be the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board of Directors determines, at the time it fixes such record date, that a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the date next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. 
 
   
   
 
   
 7 
 
   
 
   
 
 13.   
 
 Notice of Stockholder Proposal.  At an annual meeting of the stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting. To be properly brought before an annual meeting business must be: (a) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, (b) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, or (c) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder. For business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder (other than the nomination of a person for election as a director, which is governed by paragraphs 12, 13, and 14 of Article II of these By-laws), the stockholder intending to propose the business the Stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a Stockholder's notice must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal executive offices of the Corporation: (1) by the close of business 60 days in advance of the anniversary of the previous year's annual meeting if such meeting is to be held on a day which is more than 7 and within 30 days preceding the anniversary of the previous year's annual meeting, (2) 90 days in advance of the anniversary of the previous year's annual meeting if such meeting is to be held (a) less than 7 days preceding the anniversary of the previous year's annual meeting or (b) on or after the anniversary of the previous year's annual meeting; and (3) with respect to any other annual meeting of stockholders, the close of business on the tenth day following the date of public disclosure of the date of such meeting. (For purposes of these By-laws, public disclosure shall be deemed to include a disclosure made in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Services, Associated Press or a comparable national news service or in a document filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section  13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act). A Stockholder's notice to the Secretary shall set forth as to each matter the Stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting: (a) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting, the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend these By-Laws, the language of the proposed amendment), and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting, (b) as to the Stockholder and any the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made, (i) the name and address of theStockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made, and of any holder of record of the Stockholder's shares as they appear on the Corporation's books, (ii) the class and number of shares of the Corporation which are owned by theStockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made, as of the date of the Stockholder's notice, and a representation that the Stockholder will notify the Corporation in writing of the class and number of such shares owned of record and beneficially by the Stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made, as of the record date for voting at the meeting promptly following the later of the record date or the date notice of the record date is first publicly disclosed, (iii) a description of any agreement, arrangement, or understanding between the Stockholder, the beneficial holder, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made, any of their respective affiliates or associates, and any other person (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business and any material interest of the Stockholder, the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made, and the affiliates or associates of any such person in such business, (iv)  (A) any option, warrant, convertible security, stock appreciation right, or similar right with an exercise or conversion privilege or a settlement payment or mechanism at a price related to any class or series of shares of the Corporation or with a value derived in whole or in part from the value of any class or series of shares of the Corporation, any derivative or synthetic arrangement having the characteristics of a long position in any class or series of shares of the Corporation, or any contract, derivative, swap or other transaction or series of transactions designed to produce economic benefits and risks that correspond substantially to the ownership of any class or series of shares of the Corporation, including due to the fact that the value of such contract, derivative, swap or other transaction or series of transactions is determined by reference to the price, value or volatility of any class or series of shares of the Corporation, whether or not such instrument, contract or right shall be subject to settlement in the underlying class or series of shares of the Corporation through the delivery of cash or other property, or otherwise, and without regard of whether the stockholder of record, the beneficial owner, if any, or any affiliates or associates or others acting in concert therewith, may have entered into transactions that hedge or mitigate the economic effect of such instrument, contract or right (a "Derivative Instrument") directly or indirectly owned beneficially by suchStockholder or the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made or any affiliates or associates or others acting in concert therewith and any other direct or indirect opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation, (B) any proxy, contract, arrangement, understanding, or relationship pursuant to which such stockholder has a right to vote any class or series of shares of the Corporation, (C) any agreement, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, including any repurchase or similar so-called "stock borrowing" agreement or arrangement, engaged in, directly or indirectly, by such stockholder, the purpose or effect of which is to mitigate loss to, reduce the economic risk (of ownership or otherwise) of any class or series of the shares of the Corporation by, manage the risk of share price changes for, or increase or decrease the voting power of, such stockholder with respect to any class or series of the shares of the Corporation, or which provides, directly or indirectly, the opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from any decrease in the price or value of any class or series of the shares of the Corporation ("Short Interests"), (D) any rights to dividends on the shares of the Corporation owned beneficially by such stockholder that are separated or separable from the underlying shares of the Corporation, (E) any proportionate interest in shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments held, directly or indirectly, by a general or limited partnership in which such stockholder is a general partner or, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns an interest in a general partner of such general or limited partnership, (F) any performance-related fees (other than an asset-based fee) that such stockholder is entitled to based on any increase or decrease in the value of shares of the Corporation or Derivative Instruments, if any, including without limitation any such interests held by members of such stockholder's immediate family sharing the same household, (G) any significant equity interests or any Derivative Instruments or Short Interests in any principal competitor of the Corporation held by such stockholder and (H) any direct or indirect interest of such Stockholder or the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made in any contract with the Corporation, any affiliate of the Corporation or any principal competitor of the Corporation (including, in any such case, any employment agreement, collective bargaining agreement or consulting agreement) and a representation that the Stockholder will notify the Corporation in writing of any such agreement, arrangement or understanding in effect as of the record date for voting at the meeting promptly following the later of the record date or the date notice of the record date is first publicly disclosed; (v) a representation that the Stockholder is a holder of record or beneficial owner of shares of the Corporation entitled to vote at the annual meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to propose such business, and (vi) a representation whether the Stockholder or any such beneficial ownerintends, or is part of a group that intends, to deliver a proxy statement and/or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation's outstanding shares required to approve the proposal and/or otherwise to solicit proxies from stockholders in support of the proposal. If requested by the Corporation, the information required under (b) (ii) - (iv), shall be supplemented by the Stockholder not later tha n 10 days after the record date for the meeting to disclose such information as of the record date.   
 
   
   
 
   
 8 
 
   
 
   
  For purposes of these By-laws, the term "affiliate," and an "affiliate" of, or a person "affiliated" with, a specified person, is a person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the person specified, and the term "associate" controlled by, or is under common control with, the person specified, and the term "associate" means, when used to indicate a relationship with any person, means (1) any corporation or organization (other than the Corporation or a majority-owned subsidiary of the Corporation) of which such person is an officer or partner or is, directly or indirectly, the beneficial owner of 10 percent or more of any class of equity securities, (2) any trust or other estate in which such person has a substantial beneficial interest or as to which such person serves as trustee or in a similar fiduciary capacity, and (3) any relative or spouse of such person, or any relative of such spouse, who has the same home as such person or who is a director or officer of the Corporat ion or any of its parents or subsidiaries. 
   
 
 14. 
   
 
 Compliance with Procedures.  Notwithstanding anything in these By-laws to the contrary: (a) no business shall be conducted at any annual meeting except in accordance with the procedures set forth in paragraph 13 of this Article I, and (b) unless otherwise required by law, if a Stockholder intending to propose business at an annual meeting pursuant to paragraph 13 of this Article I and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made does not provide the information required under subparagraph (b) (ii) - (iv) of paragraph 13 to the Corporation promptly following the later of the record date for voting or the date notice of the record date is first publicly disclosed, or the Stockholder (or a qualified representative of the Stockholder ) does not appear at the meeting to present the proposed business, such business shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such business may have been received by the Corporation. The chair of the annual meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that business was not properly brought before the meeting in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 13 of this Article I, and if he or she should so determine, he or she shall so declare to the meeting and any such business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted. The requirements of paragraph 13 and paragraph 14 of this Article I shall apply to any business to be brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder (other than the nomination of a person for election as a director, which is governed by paragraphs 13, 14 and 15 of Article II of these By-laws) including business to be presented to stockholders by means of an independently financed proxy solicitation but not business to be included in the Corporation's proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act. The requirements of paragraph 13 of this Article I are included to provide the Corporation notice of a stockholder's intention to bring business before an annual meeting and shall in no event be construed as imposing upon any stockholder the requirement to seek approval from the Corporation as a condition pr ecedent to bringing any such business before an annual meeting.  
 
   
   
 
   
 9 
 
   
 
   
 
 15. 
 
 Stockholder Action by Written Consent. Any action required or permitted to be taken by the Stockholders of the Corporation may be effected by a consent in writing by Stockholders as provided by, and subject to the lim itations in, the Certificate of Incorporation and this paragraph 15. 
   
A written request by a Stockholder for a record date in accordance with Article Sixth of the Certificate of Incorporation must be delivered by the holders of record of the "Requisite Percentage"and must describe the action that the Stockholder proposes to take by consent (the "Action") and must contain (a) the text of the proposal (including the text of any resolutions to be effected by such consent), (b) the information required by Article I, Paragraph 13 or Article II, Paragraphs 12 and 14 of these By-Laws, as applicable, as though the Stockholders making the request were making a special meeting request in furtherance of the Action, (c) an acknowledgment by the Stockholders making the request and the beneficial owners, if any, on whose behalf the request is being made that a disposition of shares of the Corporation's Common Stock, owned of record or beneficially as of the date on which the request in respect of such shares is delivered to the Secretary, that is made at any time prior to the delivery of the first written consent with respect to the Action shall constitute a revocation of such request with respect to such disposed shares, (d) a statement that the Stockholder intends to solicit consents in accordance with Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, without reliance on the exemption contained in Rule 14a-2(b)(2) of the Exchange Act, and (e) documentary evidence that the Stockholders making the request own the  Requisite Percentage as of the date that the request is delivered to the Secretary;  provided, however, that if the Stockholders making the request are not the beneficial owners of the shares representing the Requisite Percentage, then to be valid, the request must also include documentary evidence (or, if not simultaneously provided with the request, such documentary evidence must be delivered to the Secretary within ten (10) business days after the date on which the request is delivered to the Secretary) that the beneficial owners on whose behalf the request is made beneficially own the Requisite Percentage as of the date on which such request is delivered to the Secretary. In addition, the requesting Stockholders and the beneficial owners, if any, on whose behalf the request is being made shall promptly prov ide any other information reasonably requested by the Corporation. 
   
In determining whether a record date has been requested by Stockholders of record representing in the aggregate no less than the Requisite Percentage, multiple requests delivered to the Secretary will be considered together only if (a) each identifies substantially the same proposed action and includes substantially the same text of the proposal(s) (in each case as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors), and (b) such requests have been dated and delivered to the Secretary within sixty (60) days of the earliest dated request. Any stockholder may revoke a request with respect to his or her shares at any time by written revocation delivered to the Secretary. 
 
   
 
   
 10 
 
   
 
   
 Article II 
   
 Directors. 
   
   
 
 1.   
 
 Number; Election; Term.  The number of directors which shall constitute the whole Board shall be fixed from time to time solely by resolution of the Board, acting by the vote of not less than a majority of the directors then in office.  The remaining directors of the Corporation shall cause any such vacancy to be filled in accordance with these By-laws within a reasonable period of time. At the annual meeting or a special meeting at which directors are to be elected in accordance with the Corporation's notice of meeting, directors shall be elected in accord ance with the requirements of these By-laws and the Certificate of Incorporation. 
 
   
 
 2.   
 
 Place of Meetings, Records.  The directors may hold their meetings and keep the books of the Corporation inside or outside of the State of Delaware at such places as they may from time to time determine. 
 
   
 
 3.   
 
 Vacancies.  Subject to the rights granted under the Director Nomination Agreement with Samlyn Onshore Fund, LP, a Delaware limited partnership, and Samlyn Offshore Master Fund, Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted company dated December 22, 2011, , if the office of any director becomes vacant for any reason or any new directorship is created by any increase in the authorized number of directors, a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, may choose a successor or successors or fill the newly created directorship. Any director so chosen shall hold office until the next election of the class for which such director shall have been chosen and until his successor shall be elected and qualified. 
 
   
 
 4.   
 
 Organizational Meeting.  The Board of Directors shall meet for the purpose of organization, the election of officers and the transaction of other business, after each annual election of directors on the day and at the place of the annual meeting or at next regular or special meeting of the Board. Notice of such meeting need not be given. Such meeting may be held at any other time or place which shall be specified in a notice given as hereinafter provided for special meetings of the Board of Directors or in a consent and waiver of notice thereof signed by al l of the directors. 
 
   
 
 5.   
 
 Regular Meetings.  Regular meetings of the Board may be held without notice at such time and place either within or without the State of Delaware as shall from time to time be determined by the Boa rd. 
 
   
   
 
   
 11 
 
   
 
   
 
 6.   
 
 Special Meetings.  Special meetings of the Board may be called by the Chair of the Board,  a majority of the directors then in office, or the President by the mailing of notice to each director at least 48 hours before the meeting or by notification to each director of the meeting at least 12 hours prior thereto either personally, by telephone, email, facsimile, or by hand. 
 
   
 
 7.   
 
 Quorum.  At all meetings of the Board the presence of one-third of the total number of directors determined by resolution pursuant to paragraph 1 of this Article II to constitute the Board of Directors shall be necessary and sufficient to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the Board of Directors, except as may be otherwise specifically provided by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these By-laws. 
 
   
 
 8.   
 
 Committees.  The Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole Board, designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any such additional committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. Any such committee shall have such powers as are granted to it by the resolution of the Board or by subsequent resolutions passed by a majority of the whole Board. Nothing herein shall limit the authority of the Board of Directors to appoint other committees consisting in whole or in part of persons who are not directors of the Corporation to carry out such functions as the Board may designate. Unless otherwise provided for in any resolution of the Board of Directors designating a committee pursuant to this paragraph 8 of Article II: (i) a quorum for the transaction of business of such committee shall be fifty percent or more of the authorized number of members of such committee; and (ii) the act of a majority of the members of such committee present at any meeting of such committee at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the committee (except as otherwise spe cifically provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or by these By-laws). 
 
   
 
 9.   
 
 Presence at Meeting.  Members of the Board of Directors or any committee designated by such Board may participate in the meeting of said Board or committee by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons in the meeting can hear each other and participate. The ability to participate in a meeting in the above manner shall constit ute presence at said meeting for purposes of a quorum and any action thereat. 
 
   
 
 10.   
 
 Action Without Meetings.  Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or any committee designated by such Board may be taken without a meeting, if all members of the Board or committee consent thereto in writing and the writing or writings are filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the Board or committee. 
 
   
   
 
   
 12 
 
   
 
   
 
 11.   
 
 Eligibility to Make Nominations.  Subject to the rights granted under the Director Nomination Agreement with Samlyn Onshore Fund, LP, a Delaware limited partnership, and Samlyn Offshore Master Fund, Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted company dated December 22, 2011, nominations of candidates for election as directors at an annual meeting of stockholders or a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected pursuant to the Corporation's notice of meeting (an "Election Meeting") may be made (1) by any stockholder entitled to vote at such Election Meeting only in accordance with the procedures established by paragraph 12 of this Article II, or (2) by the Board of Directors. In order to be eligible for election as a director, any  director nominee must first be nominated in accordance with the provisions of these By-laws. 
 
   
 
 12.   
 
 Procedure for Nominations by Stockholders.  Any stockholder entitled to vote for the election of a director at an Election Meeting may nominate one or more persons for such election only if written notice of such stockholder's intent to make such nomination is delivered to or mailed and received by the Secretary of the Corporation. Such notice must be received by the Secretary not later than the following dates: (1) with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders, by the close of business 60 days in advance of the anniversary of the previous year's annual meeting if such meeting is to be held on a day which is more than 7 and within 30 days preceding the anniversary of the previous year's annual meeting, (2) 90 days in advance of the anniversary of the previous year's annual meeting if such meeting is to be held (a) less than 7 days preceding the anniversary of the previous year's annual meeting or (b) on or after the anniversary of the previous year's annual meeting; and (3) with respect to any other annual meeting of stockholders or a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected pursuant to the Corporation's notice of meeting, by the close of business on the tenth day following the date of public disclosure of the date of such meeting. The written notice of the stockholder intending to make the nomination (the "Stockholder ") shall set forth: (i) the name, age, business address and residence address of each nominee proposed in such notice, (ii) the principal occupation or employment of each such nominee, (iii) the number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are owned of record and beneficially by each such nominee, (iv) with respect to each nominee for election or reelection to the Board of Directors, include a completed and signed questionnaire, representation and agreement required by paragraph 14 of this Article II, (v) such other information concerning each such nominee as would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement soliciting proxies for the election of such nominee as a director in an election contest (even if an election contest is not involved), or that is otherwise required to be disclosed, under the rules of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, and (vi) as to the Stockholder: (a) the name and address of the Stockholder, and of any holder of record of the Stockholder's shares as they appear on the Corporation's books, (b) the class and number of shares of the Corporation which are owned by the Stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made, as of the date of the Stockholder's notice, and a representation that the Stockholder will notify the Corporation in writing of the class and number of such shares owned by the Stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made, as of the record date for the meeting promptly following the later of the record date or the date notice of the record date is first publicly disclosed, (c) a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding with respect to such nomination between or among the Stockholder or the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is made and any of affiliates or associates of such persons, and any others (including their names) acting in concert with any of the foregoing, and a representation that the will notify the Corporation in writing of any such agreement, arrangement or understanding in effect as of the record date for the meeting promptly following the later of the record date or the date notice of the record date is first publicly disclosed, (d) the information and representation of described in clause (b)(iv) of paragraph 13 of Artile I of these By-Laws and a representation that the Stockholder will notify the Corporation in writing of any such agreement, arrangement or understanding in effect as of the record date for the meeting promptly following the later of the record date or the date notice of the record date is first publicly disclosed, (e) a representation that the Stockholder is a holder of record or beneficial owner of shares of the Corporation entitled to vote at the meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the person or persons specified in the notice, and (f) a representation whether the Stockholder or any such beneficial owner intends, or is part of a group that intends, to deliver a proxy statement and/or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation's outstanding capital stock required to elect the nominee and/or otherwise to solicit proxies from stockholders in support of the nomination. The Corporation may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as it may reasonably required to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as an independent director of the Corporation or that could be material to a reasonable stockholder's understanding of the independence, or lack thereof, of such nominee. 
 
   
   
 
   
 13 
 
   
 
   
 
 13.   
 
 Compliance with Procedures.  If the Chair of the Election Meeting determines that a nomination of any candidate for election as a director was not made in accordance with the applicable provisions of these By-laws, such nomination shall be void, provided, however, that nothing in these By-laws shall be deemed to limit any class voting rights upon the occurrence of dividend arrearages provided to holders of Preferred Stock. Notwithstanding anything in these By-laws to the contrary, unless otherwise required by law, if a Stockholder intending to make a nomination at an annual or special meeting pursuant to paragraph 12 of this Article II does not provide the information required under clauses (b) through (d) of subparagraph (vi) of paragraph 12 of this Article II to the Corporation promptly following the later of the record date or the date notice of the record date is first publicly disclosed, or the Stockholder (or a qualified representative of the Stockholder) does not appear at the meeting to present the nomination, such nomination shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that proxies in res pect of such nomination may have been received by the Corporation. 
 
   
   
 
   
 14 
 
   
 
   
 
 14.   
 
 Submission of Questionnaire, Representation and Agreement.  To be eligible to be a nominee for election or reelection as a director of the Corporation, a person must deliver (in accordance with the time periods prescribed for delivery of notice under paragraph 12 of this Article II of these By-laws) to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation a written questionnaire with respect to the background and qualification of such person and the background of any other person or entity on whose behalf the nomination is being made (which questionnaire shall be provided by the Secretary upon written request) and a written representation and agreement (in the form provided by the Secretary upon written request) that such person (i) is not and will not become a party to (A) any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such person, if elected as a director of the Corporation, will act or vote on any issue or question (a "Voting Commitment") that has not been disclosed to the Corporation or (B) any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with such person's ability to comply, if elected as a director of the Corporation, with such person's fiduciary duties under applicable law, (ii) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service or action as a director that has not been disclosed therein, and (iii) in such person's individual capacity and on behalf of any person or entity on whose behalf the nomination is being made, would be in compliance, if elected as a director of the Corporation, and will comply with, applicable law and all applicable publicly disclosed corporate governance, conflict of interest, corporate opportunities, confidentiality and stock ownership and trading policies and  guidelines of the Corporation. 
 
     
 Article III 
   
 Officers. 
     
 
 1.   
 
 Election; Term of Office; Appointments.  The Board of Directors shall elect at least the following officers: Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, and a Secretary. The Board may also elect, appoint, or provide for the appointment of such other officers, including a General Counsel (who if appointed shall be deemed an officer) and agents as may from time to time appear necessary or advisable in the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation. All officers elected or appointed shall each have such powers and duties as generally pertain to their respective offices, subject to the specific provisions of this Article III. Such officers shall also have such powers and duties as from time to time may be conferred by the Board of Directors or by any committee thereof. Officers of the Corporation shall hold office until their successors are chosen and qualify in their stead or until their earlier death, resignatio n or removal. Two or more offices may be held by the same person. 
 
   
   
 
   
 15 
 
   
 
   
 
 2.   
 
 Removal and Resignation; Vacancies.  Any officer elected or appointed by the Board of Directors or a committee thereof may be removed at any time by the affirmative vote of a majority of the whole Board of Directors or the electing or appointing committee, except as otherwise provided in an employment contract. No elected officer shall have any contractual rights against the Corporation for compensation by virtue of such election beyond the date of the election of his successor, his death, his resignation or his removal, whichever event shall first occur, except as otherwise provided in an employment contract or under an employee deferred compensation plan. Any officer may resign at any time upon written notice to the Corporation. 
If the office of any officer elected or appointed by the Board becomes vacant for any reason, the vacancy may be filled by the Board or any committee thereof 
 
   
 
 3.   
 
 Chief Executive Officer and President.  The Chief Executive Officer shall be responsible for the general management of the affairs of the Corporation and shall perform all duties incidental to his office which may be required by law and all such other duties as are properly required of him by the Board of Directors. He shall make reports to the Board of Directors and the stockholders, and shall see that all orders and resolutions of the Board of Directors and of any committee thereof are carried into effect. The Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation if a director, shall, in the absence of or because of the inability to act of the Chairman of the Board, perform all duties of the Chairman of the Board and preside at all meetings of stockholders  and of the Board of Directors. 
The President shall have such authority and perform such duties in the management of the Corporation as from time to time shall be prescribed by the Board of Directors and, to the extent not so prescribed, he or she shall have such authority and perform such duties in the management of the Corporation, subject to the control of the Board, as generally pertain to the office of President, provided that if there is a Chief Executive Officer, such authority and duties shall take into account the authority and duties of the Chief Executive  Officer. 
     4.     Vice-Presidents. Each Vice President shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to him by the Board of Directors.     5.     Chief Financial Officer. The Chief Financial Officer (if any) shall act in an executive financial capacity. He shall assist the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, and the President in the general supervision of the Corporation's financial policies and affairs. He shall exercise general supervision over the receipt, custody and disbursement of corporate funds. He shall cause the funds of the Corporation to be deposited in such banks as may be authorized by the Board of Directors, or in such banks as may be designated as depositaries in the manner provided by resolution of the Board of Directors. He shall have such further powers and duties and shall be subject to such directions as may be granted or imposed upon him f rom time to time by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the President. 
     
   
 
   
 16 
 
   
 
     
 
 4.   
 
 Secretary.  The Secretary shall keep or cause to be kept in one or more books provided for that purpose, the minutes of all meetings of the Board of Directors, the committees of the Board of Directors and the stockholders; he shall see that all notices are duly given in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws and as required by law; he shall be custodian of the records and the seal of the Corporation and affix and attest the seal to all stock certificates of the Corporation (unless the seal of the Corporation on such certificates shall be a facsimile, as hereinafter provided) and affix and attest the seal to all other documents to be executed on behalf of the Corporation under its seal; and he shall see that the books, reports, statements, certificates and other documents and records required by law to be kept and filed are properly kept and filed; and in general, he shall perform all the duties incident to the office of Secretary and such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Execut ive Office or President. 
 
     
 Article IV 
   
 Stock. 
     
 
 1.   
 
 Stock.  The shares of the Corporation shall be represented by certificates or shall be uncertificated. Each registered holder of shares, upon request to the Corporation, shall be provided with a certificate of stock representing the number of shares owned by such holder. The certificates of stock of the Corporation shall be in the form or forms from time to time approved by the Board of Directors. Such certificates shall be numbered and registered, shall exhibit the holder's name and the number of shares, and shall be signed in the name of the Corporation by the following officers of the Corporation: the Chair of the Board of Directors, or the President or Vice President; and by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer, or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary. If any certificate is manually signed (1) by a transfer agent other than the Corporation or its employee, or (2) by a registrar other than the Corporation or its employee, any other signature on the certificate, including those of the aforesaid officers of the Corporation, may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he or she were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. 
 
   
   
 
   
 17 
 
   
 
   
 
 2.   
 
 Lost Certificates.  The Board of Directors or any officer of the Corporation to whom the Board of Directors has delegated authority may authorize any transfer agent of the Corporation to issue, and any registrar of the Corporation to register, at any time and from time to time unless otherwise directed, a new certificate or certificates of stock in the place of a certificate or certificates theretofore issued by the Corporation, alleged to have been lost or destroyed, upon receipt by the transfer agent of evidence of such loss or destruction, which may be the affidavit of the applicant; a bond indemnifying the Corporation and any transfer agent and registrar of the class of stock involved against claims that may be made against it or them on account of the lost or destroyed certificate or the issuance of a new certificate, of such kind and in such amount as the Board of Directors shall have authorized the transfer agent to accept generally or as the Board of Directors or an authorized officer shall approve in particular cases; and any other documents or instruments that the Board of Directors or an authorized officer may require from time to time to protect adequately the interest of the Corporation. A new certificate may be issued without requiring any bond  when, in the judgment of the directors, it is proper to do so. 
 
   
 
 3.   
 
 Transfers of Stock.  Transfers of stock shall be made upon the books of the Corporation: (1) upon presentation of the certificates by the registered holder in person or by duly authorized attorney, or upon presentation of proper evidence of succession, assignment or authority to transfer the stock, and upon surrender of the appropriate certificate(s), or (2) in the case of uncertificated shares, upon receipt of proper transfer instructions from the registered owner of such uncertificated shares, or from a duly authorized attorney or from an individual p resenting proper evidence of succession, assignment or authority to transfer the stock. 
 
   
 
 4.   
 
 Holder of Record.  The Corporation shall be entitled to treat the holder of record of any share or shares of stock as the holder in fact thereof and accordingly shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share on the part of any other person whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, save as expressly provided by th e laws of the State of Delaware. 
 
     
 Article V 
   
 Indemnification. 
     
 
 1.   
 
 Right to Indemnification.  (A) The Corporation (and any successor Corporation by merger or otherwise) shall indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended or modified (but, in the case of any such amendment or modification, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, only to the extent that such amendment or modification permits the Corporation to provide greater indemnification rights than said law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment or modification), any person who was or is made or is threatened to be made a party or is otherwise involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a "proceeding") by reason of the fact that he or she, or a person for whom he or she is the legal representative, at any time that this Bylaw is in effect (whether or not such person continues to serve in such capacity at the time any indemnification or advancement of expenses pursuant hereto is sought or at the time any proceeding relating thereto exists or is brought), is or was a director or officer (i) of the Corporation or (ii) is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, nonprofit entity, or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans (hereinafter, an "Indemnitee"), whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, trustee, employee or agent or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer, trustee, employee or agent, shall be (and the indemnitee shall be deemed to have a contractual right to be indemnified and held harmless), against all liability and loss incurred or suffered and expenses (including attorneys' fees, ERISA and other excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement) reasonably incurred by such person. Such indemnification shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, trustee, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators. The Corporation shall be required to indemnify a person in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person on ly if the proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of Directors of the Corporation. 
 
   
   
 
   
 18 
 
   
 
   
  (B) To obtain indemnification under this Bylaw, a claimant shall submit to the Corporation a written request, including therein or therewith such documentation and information as is reasonably available to the claimant and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent the claimant is entitled to indemnification. Upon written request by a claimant for indemnification, a determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to the claimant's entitlement thereto shall be made as follows: (i) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors (as hereinafter defined) even though less than a quorum, or (ii) by a committee consisting of Disinterested Directors designated by majority vote of such Disinterested Directors even though less than a quorum, or (iii) if there are no Disinterested Directors or, if, such Disinterested Directors so direct, by Independent Counsel (as hereinafter defined) selected by the Board of Directors, in a written opinion to the Board of Directors, a copy of which shall be delivered to the claimant, or (iv) by a majority vote of the stockholders of the Corporation. In the event that there shall have occurred within two years prior to the date of the commencement of the proceeding for which indemnification is claimed a "Change of Control" as defined in the Applied Minerals, Inc. 2012 Long-Tem Incentive Plan, the determination of entitlement to indemnification is to be made by Independent Counsel, in which case the Independent Counsel shall be selected by the claimant unless the claimant shall request that such selection be made by the Board of Directors. If it is so determined that the claimant is entitled to indemnification, payment to the claimant shall be made within 10 days after such determination. 
   
   
 
   
 19 
 
   
 
   
 
 2.   
 
 Prepayment of Expenses.  To the fullest extent authorized by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware as the same exists or may hereafter be amended or modified from time to time (but, in the case of any such amendment or modification, only to the extent that such amendment or modification permits the Corporation to provide greater rights to advancement of expenses than said law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment or modification), the Corporation (and any successor of the Corporation by merger or otherwise), without the need for any action by the Board of Directors, shall pay (and the indemnitee shall be deemed to have the right to have) the expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred or suffered by an indemnitee in connection with any proceeding in advance of its final disposition, such advances to be paid by the Corporation within 20 days after the receipt by the Corporation of a statement or statements from the claimant requesting such advance or advances from time to time;  provided ,  however, that if the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware requires, the payment of such expenses incurred by a director or officer in his or her capacity as a director or officer (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such person while a director or officer, including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) shall be made only upon delivery to the Corporation of an undertaking (hereinafter, the "undertaking") by or on behalf of such director or officer, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final disposition that such director or officer is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under this Bylaw or otherwise 
 
   
 
 3.   
 
 Claims. (A)  If a claim for indemnification or payment of expenses (including attorneys' fees) under this Article is not paid in full within 20 days after a written claim therefor has been received by the Corporation the claimant may file suit to recover the unpaid amount of such claim and, if successful in whole or in part, shall be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such claim. In any such action the Corporation shall have the burden of proving that the claimant was not entitled to the requested indemnification or payment of ex penses under applicable law. 
   
It shall be a defense to any such action that under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, the claimant has not met the standard of conduct which makes it permissible for the Corporation to indemnify the claimant for the amount claimed or that the claimant is not entitled to the requested advancement of expenses, but (except where the required undertaking, if any, has not been tendered to the Corporation) the burden of proving such defense shall be on the Corporation. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its Board of Directors, Independent Counsel or stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification of the claimant is proper in the circumstances because he or she has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including its Board of Directors, Independent Counsel or stockholders) that the claimant has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the act ion or create a presumption that the claimant has not met the applicable standard of conduct. 
 
   
   
 
   
 20 
 
   
 
   
   
(B) If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Article V(1) (B) of these Bylaws that the claimant is entitled to indemnification, the Corporation shall be bound by such de termination in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to paragraph (A) of this Article V(3) 
   
(C) The Corporation shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding commenced pursuant to paragraph (A) of this Article V.3 that the procedures and presumptions of this Bylaw are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in such proceeding that the Corporation is bound by all the provisions of this Bylaw. 
 
   
 
 4.   
 
 Contract Rights; Amendment and Repeal; Non-exclusivity of Rights . 
   
(A) All of the rights conferred in this Article V, as to indemnification, advancement of expenses and otherwise, shall be contract rights between the Corporation and each Indemnitee to whom such rights are extended that vest at the commencement of such Indemnitee's service to or at the request of the Corporation and (x) any amendment or modification of this Article V that in any way diminishes or adversely affects any such rights shall be prospective only and shall not in any way diminish or adversely affect any such rights with respect to such person, and (y) all of such rights shall continue as to any such Indemnitee who has ceased to be a director or officer of the Corporation or ceased to serve at the Corporation's request as a director, officer, trustee, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, as described herein, and shall in ure to the benefit of such Indemnitee's heirs, executors and administrators. 
   
(B) All of the rights conferred in this Article V, as to indemnification and advancement of expenses and otherwise (i) shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or Disinterested Directors or otherwise  and (ii) cannot be terminated by the Corporation, the Board of Directors or the stockholders of the Corporation with respect to a person's service prior to the date of such termination. The Corporation shall have the express right to grant additional indemnity without seeking further approval or satisfaction by the shareholders. All applicable indemnity provisions and any applicable law shall be interpreted and applied so as to provide an Indemnitee with the broadest but nonduplicative indemnity to which he or she is entitled. 
 
   
 
 5.   
 
 Other Indemnification.    
The Corporation's obligation, if any, to indemnify any person who was or is serving at its request as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise or non-profit entity shall be reduced by any amount such person collects as indemnification from such other corporation, partnership, joint venture,  trust, non-profit entity, or other enterprise. 
 
   
   
 
   
 21 
 
   
 
   
 
  6.   
 
 Amendment or Repeal.    
Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this Article V shall not adversely affect any right or protection hereunder of any person in respect of any act or omissio n occurring prior to the time of such repeal or modification. 
     
 7.   
 
 Insurance, Other Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses . 
(A) The Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any current or former director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. To the extent that the Corporation maintains any policy or policies providing such insurance, each such current or former director or officer, and each such agent or employee to which rights to indemnification have been granted as provided in paragraph (B) of this Section V.5, shall be covered by such policy or policies in accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage thereunder for any such current or former direc tor, officer, employee or agent. 
   
(B) The Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors, grant rights to indemnification, and rights to advancement of expenses incurred in connection with any proceeding in advance of its final disposition, to any current or former employee or agent of the Corporation to the fullest extent of the provisions of this Bylaw with respect to the indemnification and advancement of expenses of current or former directors and officers of the Corporation. 
     8.   Definitions .       (A) For purposes of this Bylaw:       (1) " Disinterested Director" means a director of the Corporation who is not and was not a party to the matter in respect of which indemnification is sought by the claimant.       
 (2) " Independent Counsel" means a law firm, a member of a law firm, or an independent practitioner, that is experienced in matters of corporation law and shall include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would not have a conflict of interest in representing either the Corporation or the claimant in an action to determine the claim ant's rights under this Bylaw. 
 
   
   
 
   
 22 
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
(B) Any notice, request or other communication required or permitted to be given to the Corporation under this Bylaw shall be in writing and either delivered in person or sent by telecopy, telex, telegram, overnight mail or courier service, or certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, to the Secretary of the Corporation and sha ll be effective only upon receipt by the Secretary. 
 
   
 
   
 
 7.   
 
 Severability. If any provision or provisions of this Bylaw shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (i) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Bylaw (including, without limitation, each portion of any paragraph of this Bylaw containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby; and (ii) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Bylaw (including, without limitation, each such portion of any paragraph of this Bylaw containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by the provision held invalid, illegal or unenforceable. 
 
   
 Article VI 
   
 Section 203 of the General Corporation Law. 
     
 
 1.   
 
 Election to be Governed.  The Corporation expressly elects to be governed by Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. 
 
     
 Article VII 
 CONTRACTS, PROXIES, ETC. 
   
 
 1.   
 
 Contracts. Except as otherwise required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any contracts or other instruments may be executed and delivered in the name and on the behalf of the Corporation by such officer or officers of the Corporation as the Board of Directors may from time to time direct. Such authority may be general or confined to specific instances as the Board of Directors may determine. The Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or any Vice President or General Counsel may execute bonds, contracts, deeds, leases and other instruments to be made or executed for or on behalf of the Corporation. Subject to any restrictions imposed by the Board of Directors or the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or any Vice President or General Counsel of the Corporation may delegate contractual powers to others under his jurisdiction, it being understood, however, that any such delegation of power shall not relieve such officer of responsibility with respect to the exercise of such delegated power. 
     
 2. 
 
 Proxies . Unless otherwise provided by resolution adopted by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or any Vice President may from time to time appoint an attorney or attorneys or agent or agents of the Corporation, in the name and on behalf of the Corporation, to cast the votes which the Corporation may be entitled to cast as the holder of stock or other securities in any other entity, any of whose stock or other securities may be held by the Corporation, at meetings of the holders of the stock or other securities of such other entity, or to consent in writing, in the name of the Corporation as such holder, to any action by such other entity, and may instruct the person or persons so appointed as to the manner of casting such votes or giving such consent, and may execute or cause to be executed in the name and on behalf of the Corporation and under its corporate seal or otherwise, all such written proxies or other instruments as he may deem necessary or proper in the premises. 
 
   
   
 
   
 23 
 
   
 
   
 Article VIII 
 Miscellaneous. 
     
 
 1.   
 
 Seal.  The corporate seal shall be in the form adopted by the Board of Directors. Said seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise. The seal may be affixed by any officer of the Corporation to any instrument executed by authority of the Corporation, and the seal when so affixed may be attested by the  signature of any officer of the Corporation. 
 
   
 
 2.   
 
 Notice.  Whenever notice is required to be given by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-laws, a written waiver signed by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting, is not lawfully called or convened. 
 
   
 
 3.   
 
 Amendments.  The Board of Directors shall have the power to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the Corporation by the affirmative action of a majority of its members. The By-laws may be adopted, amended or repealed by shareholders if notice of such proposed adoption, amendment or repeal be contained in the notice of such special meeting. 
 
   
 
 4.  
 
 Form of Records.  Any records maintained by the Corporation in the regular course of its business, including its stock ledger, books of account, and minutes books, may be kept on, or be in the form of, punch cards, magnetic tape, photographs, microphotographs, or any other information storage device, provided that the records so kept can be converted into clearly legible form within a reasonable time. The Corporation shall so convert any records so kept upon the request of any person entitled to inspect the same. 
 
   
   
 
   
 24 
 
   
 
   
 
 5.   
 
 Checks.  All checks, drafts, notes and other orders for the payment of money shall be signed by such officer or officers or agents as from time to time may be designated by the Board of Directors or by such officers of the Corporation as may be designated by the Board to make such designation. 
 
   
 
 6.   
 
 Fiscal Year.   The fiscal year shall begin the first day of January in each year. 
 
   
 25 
