 htm 18090 Articles of incorporation 3 2016-07-19T10:21:12.157585-05:00 Filing 0001389050-16-000047 2016-02-29 10-K Annual  & Quarterly Reports 0001389050 Archrock, Inc. AROC COMMON NYSE 7359 Equipment Rental  & Leasing, Not Elsewhere Classified No TEXAS DELAWARE DELAWARE EXTERRAN HOLDINGS INC.;Iliad Holdings, INC true Large Accelerated Filer 001-33666 EXHIBIT 3.3 Exhibit Exhibit 3 aroc-20151231xex33.htm EX-3.3 3 aroc-20151231xex33.htm EXHIBIT 3.3 
 
 Exhibit 3.3 
   
 COMPOSITE CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 
 OF 
 ARCHROCK, INC. 
 (as amended as of November 3, 2015) 
       ONE:   The name of the corporation is Archrock, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as the " Corporation "). 
       TWO:  The address of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle. The name of the registered agent of the Corporation at that address is The Corporation Trust Company. 
       THREE:  The nature of the business or purposes to be conducted or promoted is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation  Law of the State of Delaware (the " GCL "). 
       FOUR:  The total number of shares of all classes of stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 300 million, consisting of 250 million shares of Common Stock, par value o ne cent ($0.01) per share (the " Common Stock "), and 50 million shares of Preferred Stock, par value one cent ($0.01) per share (the " Preferred Stock "). 
            SECTION 1.   Preferred Stock. The Board of Directors is authorized, subject to any limitations prescribed by law, to provide for the issuance of shares of Preferred Stock in series, and by filing a certificate pursuant to the applicable law of the State of Delaware (such certificate being hereinafter referred to as a " Preferred Stock Designation"), to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series, and to fix the designation, powers, preferences, and rights of the shares of each such series and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof. The number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon, without a separate class vote of the holders of the Preferred Stock, or of any series thereof, unless a vote of any such holders is required pursuant to  the terms of any Preferred Stock Designation. 
            SECTION 2.   Common Stock . 
          A. Except as otherwise provided in this Article Four or required by law, each registered holder of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each share of such Common Stock held by such holder on each matter properly submitted to the stockholders of the Corporation for their vote; provided, however, that, except as otherwise required by law, holders of Common Stock shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment to this Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation) that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together as a class with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon by law or pursuant to this Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation). 
          B. Except as otherwise provided in this Article Four or required by law and subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, 
               (i) Holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to elect directors of the Corporation; and 
               (ii) Holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to vote on all other matters properly submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corporation. 
          C. The number of authorized shares of Common Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders a majority of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class , without a separate class vote of the holders of Common Stock. 
       FIVE:  The following provisions are inserted for the management of the business and the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation, and for further definition, limitation and regulation of  the powers of the Corporation and of its directors and stockholders: 
 
 
 
          A. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors. In addition to the powers and authority expressly conferred upon them by statute or by this Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Corporation, the directors are hereby empowered to exercise all such powers and do  all such acts and things as may be exercised or done by the Corporation. 
          B. The directors of the Corporation need not be elected by written ballot unless the Bylaws so provide. 
          C. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation and may not be effected by any consent in writing by such stockholders. 
          D. Special meetings of stockholders of the Corporation may only be called by the Chairman of the Board or the President or by the Board of Directors as provided in the By laws of the Corporation. 
       SIX: 
          A. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, the number of directors shall be fixed from time to time exclusively by the Board of Directors in the manner provided in the Bylaws of the Corporation. 
B. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock then outstanding, newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors or any vacancies in the Board of Directors resulting from death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal from office or other cause shall, unless otherwise required by law or by resolution of the Board of Directors, be filled by the Board of Directors in the manner provided in the Bylaws of the Corporation, and directors so chosen shall hold office for a term expiring at the next annual meeting of stockholders and until such director's successor shall have been duly elected and qualified. No decrease in the authorized  number of directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. 
          C. Advance notice of stockholder nominations for the election of directors and of business to be brought by stockholders before any meeting of the stockholders of the Cor poration shall be given in the manner provided in the Bylaws of the Corporation. 
          D. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock then outstanding, any director, or the entire Board of Directors, may be removed from office at any time, with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation e ntitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 
       SEVEN:  The Board of Directors is expressly empowered to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws of the Corporation. Any adoption, amendment or repeal of the Bylaws of the Corporation by the Board of Directors shall require the approval of the Board of Directors as in the manner provided in the Bylaws of the Corporation. The stockholders shall also have power to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the Corporation; provided, however, that, in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation required by law or by this Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required to adopt, amend or repeal any provision of the Bylaw s of the Corporation. 
       EIGHT:  A director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability (i) for any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the GCL, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. If the GCL is amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or lim ited to the fullest extent permitted by the GCL, as so amended. 
     Any repeal or modification of the foregoing paragraph by the stockholders of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporatio n existing at the time of such repeal or modification. 
       NINE:  The Corporation shall indemnify and advance expenses to each director and officer of the Corporation as provided in the Bylaws of the Corporation and may indemnify and advance expe nses to each employee and agent of 
 
 
 
the Corporation, and all other persons whom the Corporation is authorized to indemnify under the provisions of the GCL, as provided in the Bylaws of the Corporation. 
 
