 htm 40827 Articles of incorporation 3 2016-07-19T10:17:04.240622-05:00 Filing 0001364954-16-000291 2016-03-04 10-K Annual  & Quarterly Reports 0001364954 CHEGG, INC CHGG COM NYSE 5961 Catalog  & Mail-Order Houses No CALIFORNIA DELAWARE DELAWARE CHEGG INC true Accelerated Filer 001-36180 EXHIBIT 3.01 Exhibit Exhibit 2 ex3012015-12x31.htm EX-3.01 2 ex3012015-12x31.htm EXHIBIT 3.01 
 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 3.01 
 
 CHEGG, INC. 
 
 RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 
 
Chegg, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the " Corporation "), Does Hereby Certify: 
 
FIRST: The name of this corporation is Chegg, Inc. The original Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation was filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on July 29, 2005. 
 
 SECOND: The Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (the " Restated Certificate ") in the form attached hereto as   Exhibit A,   which  restates, integrates and further amends the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation as previously amended or supplemented, has been duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Sections 245 and 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware by the directors and stockholders of the Corporation with the approval of this Corporation's stockholders having been given by written consent without a meeting in accordance with Section 228 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. 
 
 THIRD: The Restated Certificate so adopted reads in full as set forth in   Exhibit A   attached hereto and is hereby incorporated herein by this reference. 
 
In Witness Whereof, the Corporation has caused the Restated Certificate to be signed by the authorized officer this 18th day of November, 2013 and represents that the foregoing fac ts stated herein are true and correct. 
 
 
 
 
 Chegg, Inc. 
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 By 
 
 /s/ Andrew Brown 
 
   
 
 Andrew Brown 
 
   
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EXHIBIT A 
 
 CHEGG, INC. 
 
 RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 
 
 ARTICLE I: NAME 
 
 The name of this corporation is Chegg, Inc. (the " Corporation "). 
 
 ARTICLE II: AGENT FOR SERVICE OF PROCESS 
 
The address of the Corporation's registered office in the State of Delaware is 2711 Centreville Road, Suite 400, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, Delaware 19808. The name  of its registered agent at such address is Corporation Service Company. 
 ARTICLE III: PURPOSE 
 
The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 
 
 
 ARTICLE IV: AUTHORIZED STOCK 
 1.      Total Authorized. The total number of shares of all classes of stock that the Corporation has authority to issue is 410,000,000 shares, consisting of two classes: 400,000,000 shares of Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share, and 10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share. 
 
 2.      Designation of Additional Shares . 
 
2.1.    The Board of Directors is authorized, subject to any limitations prescribed by the law of the State of Delaware, to provide for the issuance of the shares of Preferred Stock in one or more series, and, by filing a Certificate of Designation pursuant to the applicable law of the State of Delaware, to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series, to fix the designation, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other rights, if any, of the shares of each such series and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, and to increase (but not above the total number of authorized shares of the class) or decrease (but not below the number of shares of such series then outstanding) the number of shares of any such series. The number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock may also be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon, without a vote of the holders of the Preferred Stock, or any series thereof, unless a vote of any such holders is required pursuant to the te rms of any certificate or certificates establishing a series of Preferred Stock. 
 
2.2    Except as otherwise expressly provided in any Certificate of Designation designating any series of Preferred Stock pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Article IV, any new series of Preferred Stock may be designated, fixed and determined as provided herein by the Board of Directors without approval of the holders of Common Stock or the holders of Preferred Stock, or any series thereof, and any such new series may have powers, preferences and rights, including, without limitation, voting rights, dividend rights, liquidation rights, redemption rights and conversion rights, senior to, junior to or pari passu with the rights of the Common Stock, the Preferred Stock, or any future class or series of P referred Stock or Common Stock. 
 
2.3    Each outstanding share of Common Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to one vote on each matter properly submitted to the stockholders of the Corporation for their vote;   provided ,   however, that, except as otherwise required by law, holders of Common Stock shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment to this Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including any Certificate of Designation relating to any series of Preferred Stock) that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together as a class with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to this Restated Certificate of Incor poration (including any Certificate of Designation relating to any series of Preferred Stock). 
 
 
 
 2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE V: AMENDMENT OF BYLAWS 
 
The Board of Directors of the Corporation shall have the power to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the Corporation. Any adoption, amendment or repeal of the Bylaws of the Corporation by the Board of Directors shall require the approval of a majority of the Whole Board. For purposes of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the term " Whole Board" shall mean the total number of authorized directors whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships. The stockholders shall also have power to ado pt, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the Corporation;   provided ,   however, that in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of the Corporation required by law or by this Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock issued pursuant to a Certificate of Designation), the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required to adopt, amend or repea l any provision of the Bylaws of the Corporation. 
 
 ARTICLE VI: MATTERS RELATING TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 
 1.      Director Powers. The conduct of the affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors. In addition to the powers and authority expressly conferred upon them by statute or by this Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Corporation, the directors are hereby empowered to exercise all such powers and do all such  acts and things as may be exercised or done by the Corporation. 
 
 2.      Number of Directors. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, the number of directors shall be fixed from tim e to time exclusively by resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board. 
 
 3.      Classified Board. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, the directors shall be divided, with respect to the time for which they severally hold office, into three classes designated as Class I, Class II and Class III, respectively (the " Classified Board"). The Board of Directors may assign members of the Board of Directors already in office to the Classified Board, which assignments shall become effective at the same time the Classified Board becomes effective. Directors shall be assigned to each class in accordance with a resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors, with the number of directors in each class to be divided as nearly equal as reasonably possible. The initial term of office of the Class I directors shall expire at the Corporation's first annual meeting of stockholders following the closing of the Corporation's initial public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, co vering the offer and sale of Common Stock to the public (the " Initial Public Offering"), the initial term of office of the Class II directors shall expire at the Corporation's second annual meeting of stockholders following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, and the initial term of office of the Class III directors shall expire at the Corporation's third annual meeting of stockholders following the closing of the Initial Public Offering. At each annual meeting of stockholders following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, directors elected to succeed those directors of the class whose terms then expire shall be elected for a term of office to expire at the third succeeding annual meeting of stockholders after their election. 
 
 4.      Term and Removal. Each director shall hold office until such director's successor is elected and qualified, or until such director's earlier death, resignation or removal. Any director may resign at any time upon notice to the Corporation given in writing or by any electronic transmission permitted in the Corporation's bylaws. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, no director may be removed except for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the voting power of the then‑outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation then entitled to vote at an election of directors voting together as a single class. No decrease in the authorized number of d irectors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. 
 
 5.      Board Vacancies. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, any vacancy occurring in the Board of Directors for any cause, and any newly created directorship resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors, shall, unless (a) the Board of Directors determines by resolution that any such vacancies or newly created directorships shall be filled by the stockholders or (b) as otherwise provided by law, be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, and not by the stockholders. Any director elected in accordance with the preceding sentence shall hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders at which the term of office of the class to which the director has been assigned expires or until such director's successor shall have been duly elected and qualified. No decrease in the authorized number of directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. 
   
 6.      Vote by Ballot. Election of directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws of the Corporation shall so provide. 
 
 
 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE VII: DIRECTOR LIABILITY 
 
 1.      Limitation of Liability. To the fullest extent permitted by law, no director of the Corporation shall be personally liable for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director. Without limiting the effect of the preceding sentence, if the Delaware General Corporation Law is hereafter amended to authorize the further elimination or limitation of the liability of a director, then the liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as so amended. 
 
 2.      Change in Rights. Neither any amendment nor repeal of this Article VII, nor the adoption of any provision of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article VII, shall eliminate, reduce or otherwise adversely affect any limitation on the personal liability of a director of the Corporation existing at the time of such amendment, repeal or adoption o f such an inconsistent provision. 
 
 ARTICLE VIII: MATTERS RELATING TO STOCKHOLDERS 
 
 1. No Action by Written Consent of Stockholders. Subject to the rights of any series of Preferred Stock, no action shall be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation except at a duly called annual or special meeting of stock holders and no action shall be taken by the stockholders by written consent. 
 
 2. Special Meeting of Stockholders .  Special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation may be called only by the board of directors acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board. 
 
 3. Advance Notice of Stockholder Nominations and Business Transacted at Special Meetings. Advance notice of stockholder nominations for the election of directors of the Corporation and of business to be brought by stockholders before any meeting of stockholders of the Corporation shall be given in the manner provided in the Bylaws of the Corporation. Business transacted at special meetings of stockholders shall be confined to the purpose or pur poses stated in the notice of meeting. 
 
 ARTICLE IX: CHOICE OF FORUM 
 
Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation; (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation's stockholders; (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, this Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Corporation; or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of  and to have consented to the provisions of this Article IX. 
 
 ARTICLE X: CREDITOR AND STOCKHOLDER COMPROMISES 
 
Whenever a compromise or arrangement is proposed between the Corporation and its creditors or any class of them and/or between the Corporation and its stockholders or any class of them, any court of equitable jurisdiction within the State of Delaware may, on the application in a summary way of the Corporation or of any creditor or stockholder thereof or on the application of any receiver or receivers appointed for the Corporation under the provisions of §291 of Title 8 of the Delaware General Corporation Law or on the application of trustees in dissolution or of any receiver or receivers appointed for this Corporation under §279 of Title 8 of the Delaware General Corporation Law order a meeting of the creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the stockholders or class of stockholders of the Corporation, as the case may be, to be summoned in such manner as the said court directs. If a majority in number representing three-fourths in value of the creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the stockholders or class of stockholders of the Corporation, as the case may be, agree to any compromise or arrangement and to any reorganization of the Corporation as a consequence of such compromise or arrangement, the said compromise or arrangement and the said reorganization shall, if sanctioned by the court to which the said application has been made, be binding on all the creditors or class of creditors, and/or on all the stockholders or class of stockholders, of the Corporation, as the case may be, and also on the Corporation. 
 
 ARTICLE XI: AMENDMENT OF CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 
 
The Corporation reserves the right to amend or repeal any provision contained in this Restated Certificate of Incorporation in the manner prescribed by the laws of the State of Del aware and all rights conferred upon stockholders are granted subject to this reservation;   provided ,   however, that, notwithstanding any other provision of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation or any provision of law that might otherwise permit a lesser vote or no vote, but in addit ion to any vote of the holders of any class or 
 
 
 4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
series of the stock of the Corporation required by law or by this Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required to amend or repeal this Article XI or Article V, Article VI, Article VII or Article VIII. 
 
 * * * * * * * * * * * 
 
 
 
 
 5 
 
