 htm 417646 Articles of incorporation 3 2017-03-15T16:02:07.454568-05:00 Filing 0001390478-17-000020 2017-03-15 10-K Annual  & Quarterly Reports 0001390478 Galena Biopharma, Inc. GALE GALPW COMMON STK Nasdaq Capital Market 2834 Pharmaceutical Preparations No CALIFORNIA DELAWARE DELAWARE RXi Pharmaceuticals Corp;GALENA BIOPHARMA, INC.;RXI PHARMACEUTICALS CORP false Accelerated Filer 001-33958 EXHIBIT 3.3 Exhibit Exhibit 3 gale-20161231xex34.htm EX-3.3 3 gale-20161231xex34.htm EXHIBIT 3.3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 3 .3 
 
 
 
 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED BY-LAWS, AS AMENDED 
 
 
 OF 
 GALENA BIOPHARMA, INC. 
 
 (a Delaware Corporation) 
 
 
 
 REFLECTING AMENDMENTS THROUGH MAY 10, 2016 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 w 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED BY-LAWS 
 
 OF 
 GALENA BIOPHARMA, INC. (FORMERLY RXI PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION) 
 
 ARTICLE I - OFFICES 
 
 
 1.1   Registered Offices . The registered office of [amended August 6,   2013)   Galena Biopharma,   Inc.   (formerly RXi   Pharmaceuticals   Corporation) (the "Corporation")   in the State of Delaware   shall   be located   at Corporation   Trust Center ,   1209 Orange   Street,   Wilmington   County,   New   Castle ,   Delaware 1980I. The name of   the   Corporation's registered   agent at   s uch address   shall   be The   Corporation   Trust Company.   The   registered   office and/or   registered   agent   of the   Corporation   may   be   changed from time to time by action   of   the Board of Directors. 
 
 1.2      Other Offices .   The   Corporation may   also   have   offices   at   such   other places both   within and without   the   State   of Delaware as the Board of Directors may   from   time to time determine   or   the business of the   Corporation   may require. 
 
 1.3      Books .   The   books of the Corporation   may  be kept within or without of the State of Delaware as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or the business   of the Corporation   may require. 
 
 ARTICLE 2 -STOCKHOLDERS 
 
 2.1      Place of   Meetings . All   meetings   of stockholders shall   be held   at such   place   within or without   the   State   of Delaware as may be designated from time to time by   the   Board of Directors or the Chief   Executive   Officer (or ,   if there is no   Chief Executive   Officer, the President) or, if not so designated, at the registered office of the Corporation . 
 
 2.2      Annual   Meeting .   The annual   meeting of   stockholders for   the   election   of directors and   for   the transaction of   such   other business   as   may properly be brought before the meeting   shall   be held at such other date   and   time as   shall   be fixed by the Board of Directors, pursuant to   a   resolution adopted by the affirmative   vote   of a majority of the total number of directors then in office, or the Chief Executive Officer   (or ,   if there is no   Chief Executive   Officer, the President) and   stated   in the notice of the meeting. If no annual meeting   is   held in accordance   with   the foregoing provisions, the Board of Directors   shall   cause the meeting to be held   a s   soon   thereafter   as   convenient. If no annual meeting is held in accordance   with   the foregoing provisions, a   special   meeting may be held in lieu of the annual meeting ,   and   any   action taken at that   special   meeting shall have the   same   effect as if it had been taken   at   the   annual   meeting, and in   such   case al l   references   in these By-Laws to the annual meeting of stockholders shall be deemed to refer to   such   special meeting. 
 
 2.3      Special Meeting . Special meetings of   stockholders   may be called at any time by   only the   Chairman of the Board of Di rectors, if there is one,   the Chief Executive   Officer   (or ,   if there is no   Chief Executive   Officer ,   the President) or by the Board of Directors   of   the   Corporation   pursuant to a resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of   a   majority of the total   number   of   directors then   in office.   Any business transacted at any   special   meeting of   stockholders shall   be limited to matters relating to the purpose or purposes   stated   in the notice of meeting. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2.4      Notice of Meetings .   Except   as otherwise provided by law ,   written notice of each   meeting   of   stockholders ,   whether annual   or special,   shall be   given   not less than ten (10) nor more than   sixty ( 60) days before the date of   the meeting   to each   stockholder entitled   to   vote   at   such   meeting. The   notices of   all meetings   shall state the   place ,   date and hour of the meeting. The notice   of a special   meeting shall   state ,   in addition, the purpose or purposes for   which   the meeting is called. If mailed ,   notice is   given when   deposited in the   United   States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the   stockholder at   his   or   her address   as   it appears on the records of the   Corporation.   If   notice is   given   by electronic transmission , s uch notice will be deemed   given at   the time   specified   in Section   232   of the General   Corporation   Law of Delaware. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2.5      Voting   List .   The officer who   has   charge   of   the stock   ledger   of   the   Corporation shall   prepare ,   at   least ten (10) days   before every   meeting   of stockholders,   a   complete   list of the   stockholders entitled   to   vote at   the meeting,   arranged   in alphabetical order ,   and showing   the address of each   stockholder and   the number of   shares   registered   in   the name of   each stockholder. Such   list   shall   be open to the   examination of   any   stockholder ,   for any purpose   germane to   the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least   ten   (I 0) days prior to the meeting, at a place   within   the   city where   the meeting is   to be   held.   The   list   shall   also   be   produced and kept at   the   time and place of the meeting during the   whole time of   the meeting,   and   may   be   inspected by   any stockholder who is   present. 
 
 2.6      Quorum .   Except as   otherwise provided by law, the   Certificate of Incorporation   or   these   By-Laws, the holders   of   a majority   of   the   shares   of the   capital stock   of the   Corporation   issued and   outstanding and entitled   to   vote at   the meeting,   present   in person or represented by proxy ,   shall constitute   a   quorum   for   the transaction of business .   A   quorum,   once established at a meeting,   shall not   be broken by the   withdrawal of   enough   votes   to leave less than a quorum. 
 
 2.7   Adjournments .   Any meeting of stockholders may   be   adjourned   to   any   other time   and   to   any other   place   at   which a meeting   of stockholders   may be held under these By-Laws by a majority   of   the   stockholders   present or represented   at   the meeting and   entitled   to   vote, although   less than a quorum, or,   if   no   stockholder   is present, by any officer   entitled   to preside at   or   to   act as Secretary   of such meeting.   It   shall   not be necessary to notify any   stockholder   of   any adjournment   of less than thirty   (30)   days if the time   and   place   of   the adjourned meeting are   announced   at the meeting at   which adjournment   is taken, unless after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the   adjourned meeting. At   the adjourned meeting ,   the   Corporation   may transact   any   business, which   might have been transacted   at   the original meeting . 
 
 2.8      Voting and   Proxies .   Except   as otherwise provided by   the General Corporation Law of the   State   of Delaware,   the   Certificate of   Incorporation or these By-Laws,   each stockholder shall   have one   vote for each share of capital stock   entitled to   vote   and held of record by   such stockholder .   To   the extent permitted by Jaw, each   stockholder   of record entitled to   vote at a   meeting   of stockholders   may   vote in   person   (including   by means   of   remote communications, if any ,   by   which stockholders   may be   deemed   present in person   and vote   at   such   meeting in   accordance with   the   General Corporation Law   of Delaware)   or may authorize   another person or persons to   vote or act for him or her by   proxy ,   which   proxy may be   authorized in writing,   by telephone or by   electronic   means by the   stockholder or   his or her   authorized agent. No such   proxy   shall be voted   or acted upon   after three years from   the date   of   its   execution,   unless the proxy   expressly   provides for a longer period. 
 
 2.9      Proxy Representation .   Every stockholder may   authorize   another   person or persons to act for him or her by proxy in all matters in   which a stockholder   is   entitled   to participate,   whether   by waiving notice   of   any meeting, objecting to   or   voting or participating at   a   meeting, or   expressing consent   or dissent without a meeting. The   delivery   of a proxy on behalf of   a stockholder consistent   with telephonic   or   electronically transmitted instructions   obtained pursuant   to procedures of   the Corporation   reasonably designed to   verify that such   instructions have been authorized by   such stockholder shall constitute execution and   delivery of the proxy by or   on   behalf   of   the   stockholder. No   proxy   shall   be   voted   or acted upon   after   three   years   from   its   date unless   such   proxy provides   for   a longer period. A duly   executed   proxy   shal 1 be irrevocable if it   states   that it   is   irrevocable and, if, and only as long   as,   it is coupled   with an interest sufficient   in law to   support   an irrevocable power.   A proxy may be   made   irrevocable regardless of whether the interest with   which   it is   coupled   is an interest in the   stock   itself   or an   interest   in   the   Corporation generally.   The authorization of a proxy may, but need not, be limited to   specified   action, provided, however, that if   a   proxy limits its authorization to   a   meeting or meetings   of stockholders,   unless otherwise   specifically   provided   such   proxy   shall entitle   the holder thereof to   vote at any adjourned session   but   shall   not be valid after   the   final adjournment thereof   A   proxy purporting to be authorized by   or   on behalf of   a stockholder,   if   accepted   by the   Corporation   in its discretion, shall be deemed   valid   unless challenged at or prior to   its exercise, and   the burden of proving invalidity   shall   rest   on   the   challenger. 
 
 
 2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2.10      Action at Meeting. When a quorum is present at any meeting, a plurality of the votes properly cast for election to any office   shall  elect to such office and a majority of the votes properly cast upon any question other than an election to an office shall decide the question ,   except   when a larger vote is required by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these 
 By-laws.   No   ballot   shall   be required for any election unless requested by   a stockholder   present or represented at the meeting and entitled to vote in the election. 
 
 2.11      Nomination of Directors . Except for any directors   elected   in accordance with Section 3 .6   to fill a vacancy or newly­   created   directorships, only persons who are nominated in accordance with the following procedures   shall  be eligible for election as directors. The nomination for election to the Board of Directors of the Corporation at a meeting of   stockholders   may be made by the Board of Directors or by any stockholder of   the   Corporation   entitled   to   vote   for the   election   of directors   at such   meeting   who   complies with the notice procedures   set  forth in this Section 2.11. Such nominations, other than those made by or on behalf of the Board of Directors,   shall   be made by notice in   writing   delivered or mailed by first class United   States   mail, postage prepaid ,   to   the   Secretary ,   and received at the principal executive offices   of   the Corporation not less than   sixty  (60) days nor more than ninety (90) days prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of   stockholders;   provided,   however, that if the annual meeting is not held within thirty (30) days before or after   such   anniversary   date ,   then   such   nomination   shall  have been delivered to or mailed and received by the Secretary not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the date on which the notice of the meeting was mailed  or   such   public disclosure   was   made ,   whichever   occurs first. Such notice   shall set   forth   (a) as to each proposed nominee   (i)   the name, age, business   address   and, if known, residence address of each   such   nominee,   (ii)   the   principal   occupation or employment of each such nominee, (iii) the number of   shares   of   stock   of the   Corporation which   are beneficially owned by each   such   nominee,   and   (iv) any other information   concerning   the nominee that must be   disclosed   as to nominees in proxy   solicitations   pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ,   as amended, including   such   person's written consent to be named as   a   nominee and to   serve   as a director if elected;   and   (b)   as   to the   stockholder   giving the notice (i) the name and address, as they appear on the Corporation's books ,   of   such stockholder   and   (ii)   the class and number of   shares   of   the   Corporation which are beneficially owned by   such stockholder   (iii) a   description   of   all   arrangements or understandings between   such stockholder  and each proposed nominee and any other person or persons (including their names) pursuant to which the nomination(s)   are   to be made by   such stockholder,   (iv) a representation that   such   s tockholder   intends   to appear in person or by proxy   at the   meeting to nominate the person(s) named in its notice and (v) a representation whether the   stockholder   intends or is part of a group which   intends (a)   to deliver a proxy   statement  and/or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the corporation's outstanding capital stock required to elect the nominee and/or (b) otherwise to   solicit   proxies from stockholders in support of such nomination; and   (c)   as to the beneficial owner ,   if   any ,   on whose behalf the nomination is being made (i) such beneficial owner 's name and address ,   (ii)   the class and number of   shares   of   stock   of the corporation which   are  beneficially owned by such beneficial owner, (iii) a description of all arrangements or understandings between   such   beneficial owner and   each  proposed nominee and any other person or persons (including their names) pursuant to which the nomination(s) are to be made and (iv) a representation   whether   the beneficial owner intends or is part of a group which intends (a) to deliver a proxy statement   and / or form of proxy to holders of   at   least the percentage of the corporation   ' s   outstanding capital   stock   requirement to elect   the   nominee and/or   (b)   otherwise to solicit proxies from   stockholders   in support of   such   nomination.   In   addition, to be   effective,   the   stockholder's   notice must be accompanied by the   written consent   of the proposed nominee to   serve  as a director if elected. The Corporation may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as may reasonably be required by the Corporation to determine the eligi bility of   such   proposed nominee to   serve   as a director of the Corporation. 
 
The chairman of the meeting may, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that a nomination was not made in accordance   with   the foregoing procedure ,   and if he or she   should so   determine, he or   she shall so   declare to the meeting and the defective nomination   shall   be disregarded. 
 
 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2.12      Notice of   Business   at   Annual   Meetings .   At   an   annual meeting   of   the   stockholders,   only   such   business   shall   be   conducted as shall   have been properly brought before   the   meeting.   To be   properly brought before   an annual meeting,   business must be (a)   specified   in the notice   of   meeting (or any supplement thereto)   given   by or at the direction of the Board of   Directors, (b)   otherwise properly brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors, or   (c) otherwise   properly brought before   an   annual meeting by   a stockholder. For   business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by   a stockholder, if   such business relates to the   election of   directors of the   Corporation,   the procedures in   Section 2.11   must be   complied with.   If   such   business relates to   any   other matter, the   stockholder   must have given   timely notice   thereof   in   writing   to the   Secretary.   To be timely, a   stockholder's   notice must be delivered to or mailed and   received at   the principal   executive   offices of the   Corporation   not less than   sixty (60)   days nor more than ninety (90) days prior to the   anniversary   date of   the   immediately preceding annual meeting of   stockholders;   provided,   however, that   if the annual   meeting is not held   within   thirty (30) days before   or after such   anniversary date,   then for   the notice   by the stockholder   to   be   timely it   must be so   received not later than the close of business on the 10th day   following   the date   on which   the   notice of   the meeting   was   mailed or   such   public disclosure   was   made,   whichever   occurs first. A   stockholder 's   notice to the   Secretary shall set   forth as   to   each matter the   stockholder   proposes to bring before   the   annual meeting (a)   a   brief   description   of the business desired to be   brought   before the   annual   meeting   and   the reasons   for conducting such business at   the annual meeting,   (b)   the name   and address,   as they appear on the   Corporation's   books, of the   stockholder   proposing   such   business,   (c)   the class and   number   of   shares of   the   Corporation which   are beneficially owned by the   stockholder,   (d)   a   description   of   all   arrangements   or understandings between   such stockholder   or   such   beneficial   owner ,   if   any ,   and any   other person or persons   (including   their names) in connection   with   the proposal of   such   business by such stockholder and any material interest of the   stockholder   or   such   beneficial owner, if   any,   in   such   business ,   (e)   a   representation that   such stockholder   intends   to appear   in person or by proxy at the annual meeting   to   bring   such   business before the meeting,   (f) a   representation   whether   the stockholder or the beneficial owner,   if   any ,   intends   or is   part   of a group which intends (i) to   deliver a   proxy statement   and/or   form of   proxy to holders of   at least   the percentage of the corporation's outstanding capital   stock   required to approve or adopt the proposal   and/or   (ii)   otherwise   to   solicit   proxies from stockholders in   support   of   such   proposal, and (g)   any   material interest of the   stockholder   in   such   business.   Notwithstanding anything   in these By-Laws   to   the contrary ,   no business   shall   be conducted at   any annual meeting except   in   accordance with   the procedures   set forth   in   this Section 2.12, except   that   any stockholder   proposal which   complies with   Rule 14a-8 of the   proxy   rules ,   or any   successor   provision, promulgated under   the Securities Exchange Act   of 1934,   as amended,   and is to be included in the Corporation's proxy   statement for an annual   meeting   of stockholders shall   be deemed   to   comply with the requirements of this   Section 2 . 12. 
 
 The chairman of   the   meeting   shall,   if the facts   warrant ,   determine and declare to the meeting that business   was not   properly brought before the meeting in   accordance   with the provisions   of   this Section   2.12 ,   (including   whether the stockholder   or   beneficial owner, if   any,   on   whose   behalf the proposal is made   solicited (or   is part of a   group which solicited) or   did not   so solicit,   as the case may be, proxies in   support   of   such   stockholder's proposal in   compliance with   the   representation   with   respect thereto required by this Section   2.12),   and if he or   she should so   determine, the chairman shall   so   declare to the meeting   and any such   business   not   properly brought before the meeting   shall   not be transacted. 
 
 Notwithstanding   the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.12, if the   stockholder   (or a qualified representative   of   the   stockholder)   does not   appear   at the   annual   meeting of   stockholders   of the   corporation   to present business,   such   business   shall   not be   transacted,   notwithstanding that proxies in respect   of such   vote may have been received by the corporation. 
 
 
 2.13 
 
 Action without Meeting . Stockholders may not take   any   action   by written consent   in lieu of a meeting. 
 
 
 2.14      Organization . The   Chairman   of the Board, if there is one,   or   in his or her absence the   President shall   call meetings   of   the   stockholders   to   order, and   act as chairman of   such   meeting;   provided ,   however, that the Board   of   Directors may appoint any   stockholder   to act   as   chairman   of any   meeting in the   absence   of the   Chairman of   the Board. The   Secretary   of the   Corporation   shall act as   secretary   at all meetings   of the stockholders;   provided , however ,   that   in the absence of the   Secretary   at any meeting of the   stockholders,   the   acting chairman   may appoint   any   person   to   act   as secretary   of the meeting. 
 
 4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2.15      Conduct   of   Meetings ,   The   Board   of   Directors of the corporation may   adopt   by resolution   such   rules, regulations   and   procedures for the   conduct   of any meeting of stockholders   of   the corporation as it   shall   deem appropriate including ,   without   limitation ,   such guidelines   and procedures as it may deem appropriate regarding the participation by means   of   remote   communication   of   stockholders   and proxyholders not physically present at a meeting. Except to the extent inconsistent   with such   rules, regulations and procedures as adopted by the Board of Directors ,   the chairman   of any   meeting of   stockholders shall   have the right   and authority   to prescribe   s uch rules, regulations and procedures   and to   do   all such   acts as, in the judgment   of such   chairman ,   are appropriate   for the proper conduct   of   the meeting .   Such   rules ,   regulations or procedures,   whether   adopted by the Board of Directors or prescribed b y   the   chairman   of the meeting, may   include ,   without   limitation, the   following :   (i) the   establi s hment of   an agenda   or order of business   for   the meeting ;   (ii) rules and procedures for maintaining   order at   the meeting   and   the   safety   of those present ;   (iii)   limitations on   attendance at   or participation in the meeting to   stockholders   of record of the corporation, their duly authorized and constituted proxie s   or   such   other persons as   shall   be determined;   (iv)   restrictions on   entry to   the meeting   after   the tim e   fixed for the   commencement   thereof;   and (v)   limitations   on   the time   allotted   to questions or   comments   by participants. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board of Directors or the   chairman of   the meeting, meetings   of stockholders shall   not be required to be held in accordance   with   the rules of parliamentary procedure. 
 
 ARTICLE   3   -   DIRECTORS 
 
 3.1      General Powers .   The business and affairs of the Corporation   shall   be managed by or under the direction   of a   Board of Directors,   who   may exercise all of the powers   of   the   Corporation except   as otherwise provided by law,   the   Certificate of Incorporation or   these   By-Laws. In the   event of a vacancy   in the Board   of   Director s ,   the remaining directors ,   except   as otherwise provided by law ,   may   exercise the   powers of the full Board of Directors until the   vacancy   is filled. 
 
 3.2      Number;   Election and   Qualification . The number of directors which   s hall constitute the   whole   Board   of   Directors   shall   be   determined   by resolution   of   the Board   of   Directors, but in no event shall   be   less than three .   The   directors shall be   elected at   the   annual   meeting   of stockholders   by   such stockholders as   have   the   right to   vote   on   such election. The   directors need not   be stockholders   of the   Corporation. 
 
 3.3      Classes   of Directors . The Board of Directors   shall   be   and   is divided into three classes:   Class   I, Class II   and   Class III.   No   one   class shall   have more than   one   director more than any other class.   If   a fraction is   contained   in the quotient arrived at by dividing the designated number of directors by three, then, if   such   fraction is one-third, the   extra   director   shall   be a member of Class   III,   and if   such fraction   is two-thirds, one of the extra directors   shall   be a member of   Class   III   and   one of the extra directors   shall   be   a   member of   Class   II,   unless   otherwise   provided from time to time by resolution adopted by the   Board of Directors . 
 
 3.4   Terms   of   Office .   Except   as otherwise provided in the Certificate   of   Incorporation or these By-Laws, each director   shall serve   for a term ending on the date of the third   annual meeting   following the annual meeting at which   such   director   was   elected;   provided ,   however, that   each   initial director in   Class   I   shall serve   for a term   ending on   the date of the annual meeting of   stockholders   in   2008;   each initial director in Class II   shall serve   for a term   ending   on the date   of   the annual meeting of   stockholders   in 2009; and each initial director in   Class   III   shall serve for   a term ending on the date of the   annual   meeting of stockholders in   201 O;   and   provided,   further, that the term   of each   director   shall   be   subject   to the election   and   qualification   of   his or her   successor   and to his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. 
 
 
 
 5 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3.5      Allocation of Directors Among Clas s es   in   the   Event of Increases   or Decreases in the   Number   of Directors . In the event of any   increase   or decrease   in   the   authorized   number of directors, (i)   each   director then   serving as such shall   nevertheles s   continue   as   a director of the   class of which   he or   she   is a member and (ii) the newly created or eliminated directorships resulting   from such   increase or decrease   shall   be apportioned by the Board of Directors among the three   classes   of directors   so   as to   ensure   that no   on e   class has more   than   one director more than   any   other class.   To   the   extent   possible, consistent   with   the foregoing rule, any newly created directorships   shall   be   added   to those classes   whose   terms of   office   are to   expire   at the latest dates following such   allocation ,   and any newly   eliminated   directorships   shall   be   subtracted   from those   classes whose terms of   offices are to   expire   at the   earliest   dates following   such   allocation, unless otherwise provided   from   time to time by resolution adopted   by   the Board of Directors . 
 
 3.6      Vacancies . Any   vacancy   in the Board of Directors, however occurring, including a   vacancy   resulting   from an enlargement   of the Board of Directors ,   shall   be filled   only   by   vote of   a majority   of   the directors then in   office, although less   than a quorum, or by a   sole   remaining director and   shall   not be filled by   stockholders. A director elected to fill   a   vacancy shall   be   elected for   the unexpired term of his or her predecessor in office ,   and a director   chosen to   fill   a   position resulting from an increase in the number of directors   shall   hold office until the next   election   of the class   for   which   such   director   shall   have been   chosen, subject   to the election and qualification of his or her successor and to his or her   earlier   death ,   resignation   or   removal. 
 
 3.7      Resignation .   Any director may   resign   by delivering his   or   her   written   resignation to the   Corporation   at its principal office or to the President or Secretary. Such resignation   shall   be effective upon receipt unless it   is specified   to be effective   at   s ome other   time or upon   the   happening   of some   other   event. 
 
 3.8      Regular Meetings . The regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice at   such   time and place ,   either within or   without   the State   of   Delaware, as   shall   be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors; provided, that any director   who   is absent   when such   a determination is made   shall   be   given   notice of the determination.   A   regular meeting of the Board of Director s   may be held   without   notice immediately   after and   at the   same   place as the   annual   meeting   of stockholders . 
 
 3.9      Special   Meetings . Special meetings   of   the Board of Directors may be held at any time and place,   within   or   without   the State of Delaware ,   designated in a call by the   Chairman   of the Board of Directors ,   if there   is   one, the   Chief Executive   Officer   (or   if there   is   no   Chief Executive   Officer ,   the President), two or more directors   or   by one director in the event   that   there is only a   single   director   in   office. 
 
 
 3.10      Notice   of   Special   Meetings .   Notice   of any   special   meeting of the Board of Directors   shall   be   given to  each director by the Secretary or by the officer or one of the directors calling the meeting. The notice shall be duly given to each director 
 (i) by   giving   notice to   such   director in person or by telephone   at   least   twenty   four (24) hours   in advance   of the meeting, 
 (ii) by   sending   a telegram, telecopy ,   facsimile or electronic   email, or   delivering   written   notice by hand ,   to his or her last known business, home or   electronic   mail   address at   least twenty four   (24)   hours in advance of the meeting ,   or (iii) by mailing   written   notice to his or her last known business or home address   at   least   seventy   two   (72)   hours in   advance   of the meeting. A notice   or   waiver of notice of a   special   meeting of the Board of Directors need not   specify   the purposes   of   the meeting. 
 
 3.11      Meetings by Telephone Conference Calls . The Board of Directors or any members of any   committee   of the Board of   Directors   designated by the directors may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors or   such committee   by means of conference telephone or   similar   communications   equipment   by means of which all persons participating in the meeting   can   hear   each other.   Participation by   such   means   shall   constitute presence in person at   such   meeting. 
 
 
 6 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3.12      Quorum . A majority of the total number of the whole Board of Directors   shall   constitute a quorum at al l meetings of the Board of Directors.   In the   event   one or more of the directors   shall   be disqualified to vote at any meeting, then the   required quorum shall be reduced by one for each   such   director so disqualified;   provided ,   however, that in no case shall less than one-third (1 / 3) of the number of directors so fixed constitute a quorum. In   the absence of a quorum at any   such  meeting, a majority of the directors present may adjourn the meeting from time to time without further notice ,   other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present. 
 
 3.13      Action at Meeting. At any meeting of the Board of Directors at which a quorum is present, the vote of a majority of tho se   present   shall   be sufficient to take any action, unless a different vote is specified by law ,   the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws. 
 
 3.14      Action by Consent. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee of the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting, if all members  of the Board or committee, as the case may be ,   consent   to the action in   writing   or by electronic transmission ,   and the   written   consents or   electronic   transmis s ions are filed   with   the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors   or   committee of the Board of Directors, a s   applicable. 
 
 3.15      Removal .   The   directors of the Corporation may not be removed without   cause   and may be remo ve d for cause only b y   the affirmative vote   of   the holders of   seventy-five   percent (75%) of the   shares   of the capital   stock   of the Corporation issued and outstanding and entitled to   vote generally in the election of directors cast at a meeting of the   stockholders   called for that purpose . 
 
 3.16      Committees .   The   Board of Directors may ,   by resolution passed by a majority of the whol e   Board, designate one or more committees ,   each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation .   The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any   committee,   who may replace   any   absent or disqualified member   at any   meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee ,   the member or members of the committee present at   any   meeting   and not   di s qualified from   voting,   whether or   not   he ,   s he   or   they   constitute a   quorum, may unanimou s ly appoint another member   of   the Board   of   Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any   such   absent or disqualified member. Any   such committee, to   the extent provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors and   subject   to the provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware,   shall  have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation and may   authorize   the   seal   of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it. Each   such   committee   shall   keep minutes and make   such   reports as the Board of Directors may from time to time request.   Except   as the Board of Directors may otherwise  determine, any committee may make rules for the conduct of its business, but unless otherwise provided by the directors or in such rules, its business   shall   be conducted as nearly as possible in the same manner as is provided in these By-Law   s   for the Board of Directors. 
 
 3.17      Compensation   of Directors .   The directors may be paid   such   compensation for their   services and such   reimbursement for expense s   of attendance at   meetings   as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine   . No such payment   shall   preclude any director from   serving   the Corporation or any of its parent or   s ubsidiary corporations in any other capacity and receiving   compensation   for   such service. 
 
 ARTICLE 4 -OFFICERS 
 
 4.1      Enumeration .   The officers of   the   Corporation   shall   consist of a   Chief   Executive Officer ,   a President ,   a   Secretary   and   a Treasurer.   The Board of Directors may appoint other officers with   such  titles and powers, as it may deem appropriate, including, without limitation, a Chief Financial Officer, one or more Vice Presidents and one   or   more Controllers. 
 
 4.2      Election . The Chief   Executive   Officer, President, Secretary   and   Treasurer   shall   be   elected  annually by the Board of Directors at its first meeting following the annual meeting of stockholders. Other officers may be appointed by the Board of Directors at   such   meeting or at any other meeting . 
 
 7 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.3      Qualification .   No officer   need be   a stockholder of   the   Corporation. Any two or more offices may be   held   by the same   person . 
 
 4.4      Tenure .   Except as   otherwise provided by law ,   by the   Certificate of Incorporation or   b y   these By-Laws,   each officer   shall   hold   office   until his   or   her   successor   is   elected   and qualified ,   unless a different term   is specified in   the   vote choosing or appointing   him or   her, or until his or   her earlier death,   resignation or   removal. 
 
 4.5      Resignation   and   Removal .   Any officer may resign   by delivering his   or   her   written   resignation to the   Corporation at its   principal   office or   to the   Chief Executive Officer   or   Secretary. Such   resignation   shall   be   effective   upon receipt unless it is   specified   to be   effective at   so me   other time or upon   the   happening of some other event. Any officer may   be   removed at any   time ,   with or without cause, by vote of a   majority   of the   entire   number of directors   then in office . 
 
 Except as the Board of Directors   may otherwise determine,   no officer who   resigns   or is removed shall   have   any   right to   any compensation as an officer for any period following   his   or   her   resignation or removal, or any right   to   damages   on account   of such   removal ,   whether   his of her compensation be by the month   or   by the   year or otherwise, unless such compensation   is   ex pressl y   provided in a   duly   authorized written agreement with   the   Corporation. 
 
 4.6      Vacancies . The   Board   of   Directors may fill   any vacancy occurring in any office for   any reason   and may,   in   its discretion,   leave unfilled   for such   period   as it may   determine any   offices other   than those of   Chief Executive Officer,   President,   Secretary   and   Treasurer. Each such successor shall   hold office   for   the   unexpired term of   hi s   or   her predecessor   and   until his   or   her   successor is elected and   qualified ,   or   until   his or   her   earlier   death ,   resignation or removal. 
 
 4.7      Chairman   of the   Board . The Board   of Directors may appoint   a Chairman   of   the   Board.   If   the   Board of   Directors   appoints   a   Chairman of   the   Board, he or she shall perform such duties and   possess   such   powers   as are   a ssigne d   to   him   or   her   by the Board of Directors   and as   are consistent with   the   customary duties of the chairman of a corporation organized under laws of the State of Delaware. 
 
 4.8      Chief Executive   Officer . The   Chief Executive Officer shall, subject   to the direction   of   the Board   of   Directors, have   general charge and supervision   of the   business of   the   Corporation. Unless   otherwise   provided   by the Board   of   Directors ,   he or she shall   preside   at all   meetings   of   the   stockholders and,   if he   or she   is a director,   at all meetings of   the Board   of   Directors. The   Chief Executive Officer shall   perform   such other duties   and pos sess   such other powers   as   the Board of Directors   may from time   to   time   prescribe. 
 
 4.9      President .   The President shall   perform   such   duties   and   possess   such   powers as the Board of Directors or the   Chief Executive   Officer may   from time to time prescribe.   In the   event   of the   absence,   inability or refusal to act of   the   Chief   Executive   Officer, the President   shall   perform the   duties of   the   Chief Executive   Officer and   when   so   performing   s hall have   all   the powers   of and   be   subject   to   all   the restrictions upon   the office of Chief Executive   Officer. 
 
 4.10      Chief Financial Officer .   The   Chief Financial Officer shall   perform   such   duties   and   possess   such   powers as the   Board of   Director   s   or   the   Chief Executive   Officer   may   from time to time prescribe.   The Chief Financial Officer shall   have the custody   of   the   corporate funds and securities; shall   keep   full   and accurate all books   and accounts of   the   Corporation   as   shall be   neces s ary   or   desirable in   accordance with applicable   law   or   generall y   accepted   accounting principle   s;   shall   deposit   all   monies   and other valuable effects   in   the name and to   the   credit   of   the Corporation as   may   be ordered   by the   Chairman of   the   Board   or the   Board of Directors;   s hall   cause   the   funds   of   the Corporation   to be disbursed   when such   disbursements have   been duly   authorized, taking proper vouchers   for such disbursements;   and shall render to the   Board   of Directors, at its regular meeting or when the   Board of   Directors so requires,   an   account   of the   Corporation. 
 
 
 8 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.11      Vice Pre si dent s .   An y   Vice Pre si d en t   sha ll perform   such   duti es and   possess   s u c h   powers as   t he   Bo ard of   D ire c tors,   the   C hief Executiv e   Officer   o r   the   Presid e nt ma y   from   time   to   tim e   pr esc rib e.   The Board   of   Directors   m ay ass i gn   t o a n y   Vi ce   President   the   title of   Exec utive Vice President,   Senior   Vice President   or any   other   such   ti tle. 
 
 4.12      Controllers .   Any   Controller   sh all   perform such   duti es   and   p ossess s uch   powers   as   the   Board of   Di rectors,   the   Chief Execu ti ve   Offi cer   or any Vice   Pre side nt   may   from time   to   ti m e   pre sc rib e. 
 
 4.13      3   Secretary .   Th e Secre ta ry   shall   perform   s uch dutie s   and po ssess s uch power s as the   Bo a rd   of   Director s or   th e C hie f   Executive   Officer ma y   from   time to   time prescribe.   In addition ,   th e S ecr e tary   shall   p e rform   su c h   duties and   h ave such   p owers   as are   incident to th e   office   of the Secretary ,   including without limitation   the   duty   and power to   give   notices of   all   meetings of   stoc kholders and   s p ec i a l meetings of the Board   of   Directors, to   attend all   meetings of   s t ockhol d ers   and   the Bo a rd   of 
 Directors   and ke ep a   record of   the proc ee din gs, t o maintain   a   s t ock   led ger   and   prepar e lists of stockhol de rs   and their addresses as   requ i r ed,   to be   custo dian   of   corpora t e   records and   th e cor p orate seal   and to   affix and attes t   to the   same   on   d ocume nts . 
 
 In th e   event of the   abse n ce,   inability   or refusa l   to   act of   the   Secretary at any   mee ting   of   stockholde r s o r di recto r s, the   person   presiding   at   th e   m eet ing   shall   designat e a   temporary   se cret ary   to keep   a   record   of   the meeting. 
 
 4.14      Treasur e r .   The Treasurer shall perform   s u c h duties and   possess   s uch power s   as the   Board   of Director s   and   the   C hi ef   Executive   Offic er may   from   tim e   to time   prescribe.   In   addition,   th e   Treasurer   s hall   perform   such dut i es a nd   have   s uch   powers   as   are incident to the office   of   Treasurer ,   including without limitation the duty   and power to keep and be   respons i ble   fo r   all   funds   and   sec uriti es   of the Corporation, to   d e po s it fund s   of the   Co rporati on   in depo si torie s se lected in   accordance with   th ese   B y -Law s,   t o   di sb ur se s uch fund s as   ordered   b y   the Board   of   Dir ectors,   to   m ake p r o p er ac coun ts   of   suc h   funds ,   and   t o   rend e r as   required   b y   the   Board of Directors   sta tements of   all   suc h tr ansa ction s   and   of the   financia l   condition   of   the Corporat ion. 
 
 In   the event of the absence,   inability   or   r efusa l to   act   of the Tr easurer,   the Board   of Dir ec tors   s hall   a ppoint   a   te mporary treasurer,   w ho   s h all   p e r form   the   duties and   exe rci se   the power s of   the   Treasure r . 
 
 4.15      Other   Officers ,   Assistant   Offi cers an d   Agents .   Offi cers,   assistant   officers and age n ts,   i f   any ,   other than those   whose   duties are provided for   in   th ese   B y -la ws, s hall h ave suc h authori ty a nd p e rform   s u c h du ties as   ma y   from   tim e to t ime b e   prescribed   by re solu tion   of   the Board of Dir ec tor s. 
 
 4.16      Sa lari es . Officers of   the Corporation   shall   b e   enti tl ed   to   s uch   sa laries ,   compensation   o r   reimbursement   as s h a ll   be fixed   o r allo we d   from   tim e to   time   by th e   B oard of   Directors. 
 
 ARTICLE 5 - CAPITAL STOCK 
 
 5.1      I ss uanc e   of   Stoc k .   Un l ess o th erwise   vote d b y   the   s tockhold ers a nd   su bj ect   to the pr ov i s i ons of t h e   Certificate of   In co rporation, th e   whole   or any   part of   any   uni ss u e d balance of   th e   a uthorized   capital   stoc k   of   t he   Corporation   or   the who l e or any   part   of   any uni ss u e d balance of the   authorized   capital   stock of   th e   Corporation h el d i n   i ts   t r easury   may b e   is sued ,   so ld ,   transferred   or   otherwise   di s posed of by   vote   of   th e   Board of Dir ec tor s   in   s uch mann er, for   s uch consideration   and on such te rms   as   the Board   of   Directors   ma y   de te rmin e. 
 
 5.2      Certificates of   Stock . Every   holder   of   s toc k   of   the   Corporation   s hall b e e nti tled   t o   h ave   a   certifica t e,   in   suc h   form as   m ay   be   prescribed b y   la w   and   b y   the Board   of   Directors ,   certifyin g   th e   number   and   c l ass   of sha r es   owned   b y   him   or   her   in th e   Corporation. Each   s u c h   certificate   s hall   be   s ign e d b y,   or   in   th e name   of   the   Co rp oration   by ,   t h e C hairman   of   the   Boa r d of   Directors,   the   Chief Executive   Officer or th e   Pre s id e nt,   and   the Tre as urer or the Sec retary of   t he   Co rporation.   Any or   a ll   of the   s ignatures on the   cert ificate   may be   a   fac s imile. 
 
 
 9 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Each certificate   for   shares   of   stock   that are   subject   to   any   restriction on transfer pursuant   to   the   Certificate of   Incorporation, the By -Laws,   applicable securities   Jaws   or any agreement   among any number of   stockholders   or   among such   holders   and the Corporation shall   have   conspicuously   noted   on   the face   or   back of   the   certificate   either   the full text of the restriction   or   a   statement   of the   existence   of   such   restriction. 
 
 5.3      Transfers . Except as   otherwise established by rules   and   regulations adopted   by   the Board   of   Directors, and   subject   to   applicable law, shares   of   stock   may be transferred on   the books   of the   Corporation   by the   surrender   to the   Corporation or   its transfer   agent   of the certificate representing   such shares   properly   endorsed or   accompanied by a written assignment or power of   attorney   properly   executed, and   with   such   proof   of   authority or the authenticity of signature   as   the   Corporation   or   its   transfer   agent   may   reasonably require. Except   as may be   otherwise   required by law, by the Certificate   of Incorporation   or by these By-Laws ,   the   Corporation shall   be entitled to treat   the record   holder   of stock   as   shown on   its books   as the owner of such stock for all   purposes ,   including the   payment   of dividends and the   right to vote with   respect   to such stock,   regardless   of any transfer,   pledge   or other   disposition   of such stock,   until   the shares   have been transferred   on   the books   of   the   Corporation   in   accordance with the   requirements of   these By-Laws. 
 
 5.4      Lost,   Stolen or   Destroyed   Certificates .   The   Corporation   may   issue a   new   certificate   of   stock   in place   of any previously issued certificate   alleged to have been lost,   stolen, or   destroyed ,   upon such   terms and   conditions as   the Board of Director s   may prescribe ,   including   the presentation of reasonable   evidence   of   such   loss,   theft or   destruction   and   the   giving   of   such   indemnity as the Board   of Directors may   require   for   the protection   of   the   Corporation or any   transfer agent or registrar. 
 
 5.5      Record   Date .   The   Board   of   Directors may fix   in   advance   a   date   as   a   record   date for   the   determination of the   stockholders entitled   to notice of or to vote   at any   meeting   of stockholders, or entitled   to receive payment of   any dividend or other   distribution or   allotment of any rights in respect   of any change ,   conversion or exchange of stock, or for   the purpose   of any other   lawful   action. Such   record date   s hall not be   more   than   sixty ( 60)   nor   less than ten   (I   0) days before the date of   such   meeting, nor more than   sixty (60) days prior   to   any   other   action   to   which such record date   relates . 
 
 If   no   record   date is   fixed, the record   date   for determining stockholders entitled to   notice   of or to vote at a meeting of   s tockholders   shall   be   at   the   close of   busine ss   on   the da y   before   the day   on which   notice i s   given, or, if notice   is   waived, at the close of   business   on   the day   before   the day on   which the   meeting is held.   The   record date   for   determining   stockholders   for   any   other purpose   shall   be   at the close of   business on the day on   which   the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating to   such   purpose. 
 
 A   determination   of stockholders of record entitled   to notice   of   or to   vote at a   meeting of   stockholders shall apply   to any   adjournment   of   the   meeting;   provided ,   however, that the Board of Directors may fix   a new   record date   for   the   adjourned   meeting. 
 
 5.6      Dividends .   Subject   to limitations contained in the   General Corporation Law   of the State   of   Delaware ,   the Certificate   of Incorporation   and   these By-Jaw   s,   the Board of Directors ma y   declare and pay dividends upon the   shares of   capital   stock of   the   Corporation, which   dividends may be paid   either   in   cash,   in property or in   shares   of the   capital stock   of the   Corporation. 
 
 ARTICLE 6 - GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 
 6.1      Fiscal Year . Except as from time to   time   otherwise   designated by the Board   of   Director s,   the   fiscal year   of the   Corporation shall begin on   the first day   of   January of   each year   and   end   on the last day of December in   each year . 
 
 
 6.2 
 
 Corporate   Seal .   The   corporate seal shall   be in   such form   as   shall   be   approved   by the   Board of Directors. 
 
 
 
 10 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 6.3      Form of Notice . Whenever any notice whatsoever is required to be given in writing to any   stockholder   by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these By-laws,   such   notice may be given by a form   of   electronic transmission if the stockholder to whom   such   notice is given has previously consented to the receipt of notice by   electronic   transmission. 
 
 6.4      Waiver of Notice. Whenever any notice whatsoever is required to be given by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these By-Laws,   a   waiver of   such   notice either in writing   signed   by the person entitled to   such   notice or such person's duly authorized attorney ,   or by telegraph, cable or any other available method, whether before, at or   after   the time   stated   in   such   waiver, or by the appearance of   such   person at such meeting in person or by proxy,   shall   be deemed equivalent to   such   notice. Any member of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof who is present at a meeting   shall  be conclusively presumed to have waived notice of such meeting except when such member attends for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting to the transacti on   of   any business because the meeting is not lawfully called   or   convened. Such member   shall   be conclusively presumed to have assented to any action taken unless his or her dissent   shall   be entered in the minutes of the meeting or unless his or her written dissent to   such   action   shall   be filed with the person acting as the secretary   of   the meeting before the adjournment thereof or   shall   be forwarded by registered mail   to   the Secretary of the Corporation immediately after the   adjournment   of the meeting.   Such   right to dissent   shall   not apply to   any   member   who voted   in favor   of such   action. 
 
 6.5      Voting of Securities .   Except   as the directors may otherwise designate, the Chief   Executive   Officer or Treasurer may   waive  notice of, and act as, or appoint any person or persons to act as, proxy or attorney-in-fact for this Corporation (with or without power of   substitution)   at, any meeting of stockholders or   shareholders   of any other corporation or organization, the   securities   of which may be held by this Corporation . 
 
 6.6      Evidence   of Authority . A certificate by the Secretary, or a temporary   secretary,   as to any action taken by the   stockholders,   directors, a committee or   any   officer or representative of the Corporation   shall,   as to al l persons who rely on the   certificate   in   good   faith, be conclusive evidence of   such   action. 
 
 6.7      Certificate of Incorporation .   All references in these By-Laws to the   Certificate   of Incorporation   shall   be deemed to   refer to   the   Certificate   of Incorporation of the   Corporation,   as amended or   restated   and in   effect   from time to time. 
 
 6.8      Transactions   with   Interested Parties . No contract or transaction between the Corporation and one or more of   the  directors or officers, or between the Corporation and any other corporation, partnership, association, or other organization in which one or more of the directors or officers are d irectors or officers, or have a financial interest, shall be void or voidable   solely   for this reason, or   solely   because the director or officer is present at or participates in   the  meeting of the Board of Directors or a committee of the Board of Directors which authorizes the contract or transaction or   solely   because his ,   her or their votes are counted for such purpose, if: 
 
 (1) The  material facts as to his, her or their relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known   to the   Board of Directors or the committee, and the Board of Directors or   committee   of the Board of Directors in   good  faith authorizes the contract or transaction by the affirmative votes of a majority of the disinterested directors, even though the disinterested directors be less than a quorum; 
 
 (2) The  material facts as to his, her or their relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the stockholders entitled to vote thereon, and t he   contract   or transaction is   specifically approved in good   faith by vote of the   stockholders ;   or 
 
 (3)The contract or transaction is fair as to the Corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified by the Board of Directors, a committee   of   the Board of Directors, or the   stockholders. 
 
Common or interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board of Directors or of a committee, which   authorizes   the contract or transaction. 
 
 11 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 6.9      Severability . Any determination that   any   provision of these By - Laws   is   for   any reason   inapplicable,   illegal   or ineffective shall   not affect or invalidat e   any other provision   of   these By-Laws . 
 
 6.10      Pronoun   s .   All pronouns used   in   the se   By-Laws   sha ll   be deemed to refer to the ma s culine ,   feminine   or neuter , s ingular   or   plural, as the   identity of the   person or   persons   ma y   require. 
 
 6.11      Contracts . In   addition   to the powers otherwise   granted   to   officers   pursuant to Article   4   h e reof, the Board   of   Directors may authorize   any   officer or officer s,   or any agent or   agents, of   the Corporation to   enter   into   any   contract   or   to   execute   and deliver   any   instrument in the name of   and   on behalf of the   Corporation,   and   such authority   may be general   or confined   to specific instances. 
 
 6.12      Inspection of Books and Records .   The   Board   of Director s   shall   have   power   from   time   to   time   to determine to   what   ex tent   and at what   t i me s   and   place s   and   under   what conditions   and regulations the accounts   and   books of the   Corporation,   or   any of   them,   shall   b e   op e n   to the   inspection   of   the   s tockholders ;   and   no   s tockholder   shall   have any   right   to inspect   any account   or book or document of the Corporation ,   except   as conferred by the laws of the   State   of Delaware ,   unless and unti l   a uthorized   so   to do by resolution of the Board   of   Directors or of the   stockholders   of the Corporation. 
 
 6.13      Sec t ion Headings .   Section   head i ngs in these By-laws ar e   for convenience   of refer e nc e   only   and shall not be   given   any   substantive   effect   in   limiting or   otherwise construing   any provision herein. 
 
 6.14      Incon s istent   Provisions .   In   the   event   that   any   provi s ion   of   the se   By-laws   is or be co me s   inconsistent   with   any   pro v i si on   of   the Am e nded   a nd Restat e d   Certificate of Incorporation ,   th e   General Corporation   Law   of   the   State of Delaware or any   other   applicable   law ,   the provision of these By-laws   shall   not be   given any   effect to th e   extent   of   such   inconsi s t ency   but shall   otherwise be   given   full force and   effect. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 6.15 
 
 RESERVED 
 
 
 ARTICLE 7   -   AMENDMENTS 
 
 
 
 
 
 7.1   By the Board   of   Directors. These B y -Laws may be altered,   amended   or repealed   or   new   By-Laws   may   be adopted   by the   affirmative   vot e   of   a   majority of the dir e ctor s   present   at any regular   or   special   meeting   of the   Board of Director s   at   which a   quorum   is   pre se nt. 
 
 
 12 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 7 . 2   By the   Stockholders . Notwithstanding   any other provision of law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws,   and   notwithstanding the fact that a lesser percentage may be   specified   by law, the   affirmative vote   of the holders of   at   least   seventy-five   percent (75%) of the   shares   of the   capital stock   of the Corporation issued and outstanding   and entitled   to vote   shall  be required to alter, amend or repeal any provision of these By-Laws or to adopt new By-Laws, unless such alteration ,  amendment or repeal has been approved by a majority of those directors of the Corporation who are not affiliated   or associated   with any person or   entity   holding 10% or more   of   the voting power   of   the   outstanding capital   stock of the   Corporation . 
 
 
 
 13 
 
 
 
 
 
