 htm 24911 Articles of incorporation 3 2016-07-16T09:34:32.086425-05:00 Filing 0001193125-15-105191 2015-03-25 10-K Annual  & Quarterly Reports 0001211759 CONNECTURE INC CNXR COM Nasdaq Global Market 7372 Prepackaged Software No WISCONSIN DELAWARE DELAWARE true Accelerated Filer 001-36778 EX-3.1 Exhibit Exhibit 2 d877081dex31.htm EX-3.1 2 d877081dex31.htm EX-3.1 
 Exhibit 3.1 
 SIXTH AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 
 OF 
 CONNECTURE, INC. 
 (Pursuant to Sections 242 and 245 of the 
 General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware) 
Connecture, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the " Delaware General Corporation Law "), 
 DOES HEREBY CERTIFY: 
1. That the name of the corporation is Connecture, Inc., and that this corporation was originally incorporated pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law on July 30, 1999 und er the name Healthplanet.com, Inc. 
2. That the Board of Directors of the corporation duly adopted resolutions proposing to amended and restate the Fifth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of this corporation, declaring said amendment and restatement to be advisable and in the best interests of this corporation and its stockholders, and authorizing the appropriate o fficers of this corporation to solicit the consent of the stockholders therefor. 
3. The text of this Sixth Certificate of Incorporation is hereby amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows: 
 ARTICLE I 
 The name of the corporation is Connecture, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as the " Corporation "). 
 ARTICLE II 
The address of the Corporation's registered office in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, 19801. The name of the Corporati on's registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company. 
 ARTICLE III 
The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a corporation may be organized under the Delaware General Corporation Law. 
 ARTICLE IV 
A. The total number of shares of capital stock of all classes which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 80,000,000 shares, consisting of: 75,000,000 shares of common s tock, par value $0.001 per share (" Common Stock ") and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share (" Preferred Stock "). 
   
 1 
 
 
B. Except as otherwise restricted by this Sixth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (this " Certificate"), the Corporation is authorized to issue, from time to time, all or any portion of the capital stock of the Corporation which may have been authorized but not issued, to such person or persons and for such lawful consideration as it may deem appropriate, and generally in its absolute discretion to determine the terms and manner of any disposition of such a uthorized but unissued capital stock. 
Any and all such shares issued for which the full consideration has been paid or delivered shall be deemed fully paid shares of capital stock, and the holder of such shares shall n ot be liable for any further call or assessment or any other payment thereon. 
C. The designations and the powers, preferences and rights and qualifications, limitations or restrictions of the shares of each class of stock are as follows: 
 1. Common Stock 
(a) Each holder of record of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each share of Common Stock held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corp oration on which holders of Common Stock are entitled to vote. 
(b) The holders of shares of Common Stock shall not have cumulative voting rights (as defined in Section 214 of the DGCL). 
(c) Subject to the rights of the holders of Preferred Stock, and subject to any other provisions of this Certificate, as it may be amended from time to time, holders of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive such dividends and other distributions in cash, stock or property of the Corporation if, as and when declared thereon by the Board of Direc tors of the Corporation (the " Board of Directors ") from time to time out of assets or funds of the Corporation legally available therefor. 
(d) In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, after payment or provision for the payment of the debt and liabilities of the Corporation and subject to the prior payment in full of the preferential amounts, if any, to which any series of Preferred Stock may be entitled, the holders of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive the assets and funds of the Corporation remaining for distribution in proportion to the number of shares held by them, respectively. 
 (e) No holder of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to preemptive or subscription rights. 
 2. Preferred Stock. The shares of Preferred Stock shall initially be undesignated and may be issued from time to time in one or more additional series by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors is hereby authorized, subject to any limitations prescribed by law, to determine or alter the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to or imposed upon a wholly-unissued series of Preferred Stock, and the number of shares constituting any such series and the designation thereof, or any of them; and to increase or decrease the number of shares constituting any such series and the designation thereof, or any of them; and to increase or decrease the number of shares of any series subsequent to the issue of shares of that series, but, in respect of decreases, not below the number of shares of such series then outstanding. In case the number of shares of any series should be so decreased, the shares constituting such decrease shall resume the status which they had prior to the adoption of the resolutions originally fixing the number of shares of such series. The number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock without a vote of the holders of the Preferred Stock, or of any series thereof, unless a vote of any such holders is required pursuant  to the certificate or certificates establishing any series of Preferred Stock. 
   
 2 
 
 
 ARTICLE V 
 The Corporation is to have a perpetual existence. 
 ARTICLE VI 
The following provisions are inserted for the management of the business and the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation, and for further definition, limitation and regulation of  the powers of the Corporation and of its directors and stockholders: 
A. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors. In addition to the powers and authority expressly conferred upon them by law or by this Certificate or the bylaws of the Corporation, as the same may be amended from time to time (the " Bylaws"), the directors are hereby empowered to exercise all such powers and do all such acts and things as may be exercised or done by the Corporation. 
B. The directors of the Corporation need not be elected by written ballot unless the Bylaws so provide. 
C. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation and may not be effected by any consent in writing by such stockholders. 
D. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock then outstanding, special meetings of stockholders of the Corporation may be called only by the Board of Directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors (whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships at the time any such resolution is presented to the Board for adoption), the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer. 
E. The number of directors shall be set at seven (7) and, thereafter, shall be fixed from time to time exclusively by the Board of Directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors (whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships at the time any such resolution is presented to the Board of Directors for adoption). Upon the closing date of the first sale of the Corporation's Common Stock pursuant to a firmly underwritten registered public offering (the " Effective Date"), the directors shall be divided into three classes with the term of office of the first class (Class I) to expire at the first annual meeting of the stockholders following the Effective Date; the term of office of the second class (Class II) to expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders following the Effective Date; the term of office of the third class (Class III) to expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders following the Effective Date; and thereafter for each such term to expire at each third succeeding annual meeting of stockholders after such election. All directors shall hold office until the expiration of the term for which elected, and until their respective successors are elected,  except in the case of the death, resignation, or removal of any director. 
   
 3 
 
 
F. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock then outstanding, newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors or any vacancies in the Board of Directors resulting from death, resignation or other cause (including removal from office by a vote of the stockholders described in Article VI(G) below) may be filled only by a majority vote of the directors then in office, though less than a quorum, or by the sole remaining director, and directors so chosen shall hold office for a term expiring at the next annual meeting of stockholders at which the term of office of the class to which they have been elected expires, and until their respective successors are elected, except in the case of the death, resignation, or removal of any director. No decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall sh orten the term of any incumbent director. 
G. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock then outstanding, any directors, or the entire Board of Directors, may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66-2/3%) of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. Vacancies in the Board of Directors resulting from such removal may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, though less than a quorum, or by the sole remaining director. Directors so chosen shall hold office for a term expiring at the next annual meeting of stockholders at which the term of office of the class to which they have been elected expires, and until their respective successors are  elected, except in the case of the death, resignation, or removal of any director. 
 ARTICLE VII 
No person shall be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of his or her fiduciary duty as a director of the Corporation, except for liability (i) for any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for any acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. If the Delaware General Corporation Law hereafter is amended to authorize further elimination or limitation of the liability of directors, then the liability of a director of the Corporation, in addition to the limitation on personal liability provided herein, shall be limited to the fullest extent permitted by the amended Delaware General Corporation Law. Any repeal or modification of this paragraph by the stockholders of the Corporation shall be prospective only, and shall not adversely affect any limitation on the personal liability of a director of the Corporation existing at the time of such repeal or modification. 
The Corporation shall indemnify any director or officer to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. 
 ARTICLE VIII 
All of the powers of the Corporation, insofar as the same may be lawfully vested by this Certificate in the Board of Directors, are hereby conferred upon the Board of Directors. 
 ARTICLE IX 
The Board of Directors is expressly empowered to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws. Any adoption, amendment or repeal of the Bylaws by the Board of Directors shall require the approval of a majority of the total number of authorized directors (whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships at the time any resolution providing for adoption, amendment or repeal is presented to the Board of Directors). The stockholders shall also have power to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws. Subject to the rights of th e holders of any series of Preferred Stock then outstanding, 
   
 4 
 
 
any adoption, amendment or repeal of Bylaws by the stockholders shall require, in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of stock of the Corporation required by law or by this Certificate, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66-2/3%) of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 
 ARTICLE X 
The Corporation reserves the right to amend or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate in the manner prescribed by the laws of the State of Delaware and all rights confe rred upon stockholders are granted subject to this reservation;  provided, that, notwithstanding any other provision of this Certificate or any provision of law which might otherwise permit a lesser vote or no vote, but subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock then outstanding and in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of the stock of this Corporation required by law or by this Certificate, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66-2/3%) of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required to amend or repeal any of the Articles in this C ertificate. 
 ARTICLE XI 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director or officer of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation's stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, this Certificate or the Bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
   
 5 
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Sixth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by the undersigned officer, thereunto duly authorized, on t his 16th day of December, 2014. 
   
 
 CONNECTURE, INC. By: 
 /s/ Robert Douglas Schneider 
 
 Robert Douglas Schneider 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
 [Signature Page to Sixth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation] 
