 htm 67751 Articles of incorporation 3 2016-07-19T10:10:02.512892-05:00 Filing 0001304280-16-000077 2016-05-10 10-K Annual  & Quarterly Reports 0001304280 Novelis Inc. 3350 Rolling, Drawing  & Extruding of Nonferrous Metals No GEORGIA QUEBEC, CANADA Non-US true Non-accelerated Filer 001-32312 EXHIBIT 3.2 AMALGAMATION CERTIFICATE Exhibit Exhibit 2 nvl-3312016x10xkxex32_arti.htm EX-3.2 2 nvl-3312016x10xkxex32_arti.htm EXHIBIT 3.2 AMALGAMATION CERTIFICATE 
 
 
                                                                                Exhibit 3.2 
 Corporations Canada            Corporations Canada        2016-04-04                      C. D. Howe Building              Édifice C.D. Howe                                   235 Queen Street              235, rue Queen                            Ottawa, Ontario K1A 0H5          Ottawa (Ontario) K1A 0H5 
 
 TORYS LLP                    Corporation Number: 
 SHANNON LEWIS                 Numéro de société :                960553-3 
 4600 EIGHTH AVENUE PLACE EAST 
 525-8TH AVENUE SW                Request Received: 
 CALGARY AB T2P 1G1                Date de réception de la demande :         2016-03-24 
Canada                         Request ID:                         Numéro de la demande :             8762691                                                                                       Your Reference:                             Votre référence : 
 
 
 
 Please find enclosed the   Certificate of 
 Amalgamation   issued under the   Canada Business Corporations Act   (CBCA) and related documents for   Novelis Inc.   Please ensure that these documents are kept with the corporate records. 
 
 Vous trouverez ci-joint le   certificat de fusion   ainsi que les documents connexes émis en vertu de la   Loi canadienne sur les sociétés par actions   (LCSA) relativement à   Novelis Inc.   Veuillez vous assurer de les conserver avec les livres de la société. 
 
Note: It is mandatory for certain legal elements to be written with a period (Ltd., Inc., Corp. and S.A.R.F.). If the articles you submitted did not include the period, it has been  added and is reflected in the attached certificate. 
 
 Note : Certains éléments juridiques s'écrivent 
obligatoirement avec un point (Ltd., Inc., Corp. et S.A.R.F.). Si le point n'était pas inclus dans les statuts que vous avez soumis, il a été ajouté et il apparaît dans le certific at ci-joint. 
 
The issuance of this certificate will be listed in Corporations Canada's online Monthly Transactions report. You can access the report on the Corporations 
 Canada website. 
 
L'émission de ce certificat sera rapportée dans notre prochain rapport mensuel de transactions. Vous pouvez consulter le rapport dans le site Web de Corporations Canada. 
 
Please ensure that the corporation is aware of its ongoing reporting obligations by referring to the pamphlet, Keeping Your Corporation in Good Standing (enclosed or available on o ur website). 
 
Veuillez vous assurer que la société est informée de ses obligations de déclaration. Vous pouvez consulter la brochure Maintenir votre société en conformité, cijointe ou disponible  en ligne, pour connaître les 
 obligations de déclaration de la société. 
 
 Also enclosed is additional information about protecting a corporate name. 
 
 De plus vous trouverez ci-joint de l'information 
 concernant la protection de la dénomination sociale. 
 
 If you require additional information, please contact Corporations Canada. 
 
 Si vous avez besoin de plus d'information, veuillez communiquer avec Corporations Canada. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
          
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Corporations Canada            Corporations Canada       
 2016-04-04                      C. D. Howe Building              Édifice C.D. Howe                                   235 Queen Street              235, rue Queen                            Ottawa, Ontario K1A 0H5          Ottawa (Ontario) K1A 0H5 
 
 
 
 Corporation Information Sheet          Fiche de renseignements 
 concernant la société 
 Canada Business Corporations Act   (CBCA)       Loi canadienne sur les sociétés par actions   (LCSA) 
 
 
 Novelis Inc. 
      
 Corporation Number                          960553-3                           Numéro de société 
 
 Corporation Key                                    Clé de société 
 Required for changes of              25493168        Requise pour mettre à jour en ligne l'adresse du siège 
 address or directors online                        social ou l'information concernant les administrateurs 
 
 Anniversary Date                03-31                          Date anniversaire 
 Required to file annual return                               (mm-dd/mm-jj)                   Requise pour le dépôt du rapport annuel 
 
 Annual Return Filing Period     03-31 to/au   05-30 Période pour déposer le rapport annuel 
 Starting in 2017                          (mm-dd/mm-jj)                         Débutant en 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Reporting Obligations 
 
 A corporation can be dissolved if it defaults in filing a document 
required by the CBCA. To understand the corporation's reporting obligations, consult Keeping Your Corporation in Good Standing (enclosed or available on our website). 
   
 
 Obligations de declaration 
 
 Une société peut être dissoute si elle omet de déposer un 
 document requis par la LCSA. Pour connaître les obligations de 
déclaration de la société veuillez consulter Maintenir votre société en conformité, ci-jointe ou disponible dans notre site Web. 
 
 
 Corporate Name 
 
Where a name has been approved, be aware that the corporation assumes full responsibility for any risk of confusion with existing business names and trademarks (including those set out in the Nuans search report). The corporation may be required to change its name in the event that representations are made to Corporations Canada and it is established that confusion is likely to occur. Also note that any name granted is subject to the laws of the jurisdiction where the corporation carries on business. For additional information, consul t   Protecting Your Corporate Name   (enclosed or available on our website). 
 
 
 Dénomination sociale 
 
 En dépit du fait que Corporations Canada ait approuvé la 
 dénomination sociale, il faut savoir que la société assume toute 
 responsabilité de risque de confusion avec toutes dénominations 
commerciales, marques de commerce existantes (y compris celles qui sont citées dans le rapport de recherche Nuans). La société devra peut-être changer sa dénomination advenant le cas où des représentations soient faites auprès de Corporations Canada établissant qu'il existe une probabilité de confusion. Il faut aussi noter que toute dénomination octroyée est assujettie aux lois de l'autorité législative où la société mène ses activités. Pour obtenir de l'information supplémentaire, veuillez consulter le document   Protection de la dénomination sociale   ci-joint ou disponible dans notre site Web. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
          
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Certificate of Amalgamation          Certificat de fusion 
                              
   Canada Business Corporations Act             Loi canadienne sur les sociétés par actions 
 
 
 
 Novelis Inc. 
 
 Corporate name / Dénomination sociale 
 
 
 960553-3 
 
 Corporation number / Numéro de société 
 
 
 
 
 I HEREBY CERTIFY that the above-named 
 corporation resulted from an amalgamation, 
 under section 185 of the   Canada Business 
 Corporations Act , of the corporations set out in 
 the attached articles of amalgamation. 
 
 
 JE CERTIFIE que la société susmentionnée est issue d'une fusion, en vertu de l'article 185 de la   Loi canadienne sur les sociétés par actions , des sociétés dont les dénominations apparaissent dans les statuts de fusion ci-joints. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Virginie Ethier 
 
 Director / Directeur 
 
 
 2016-03-31 
 
 Date of Amalgamation (YYYY-MM-DD) 
 Date de fusion (AAAA-MM-JJ) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
          
 
 
 
 
              
 
 Industry Canada 
 Canada Business Corporations Act 
 
 ARTICLES OF AMALGAMATION 
 FORM 9 
 
 1. Corporate name of the amalgamated corporation: 
 
 Novelis Inc. 
 
 2. The province or territory in Canada where the registered office is situated: 
 
 Ontario 
 
 3.    The classes and any maximum number of shares that the corporation is authorized to issue: 
 
 Unlimited number of common shares. 
 
 4. Restrictions, if any, on share transfers: 
 
 See attached schedule. 
 
 5. Minimum and maximum number of directors: 
 
 Minimum: 1; Maximum: 10 
 
 6. Restrictions, if any, on the business the corporation can carry on: 
 
 None 
 
 7. Other provisions, if any: 
 
The directors may appoint one or more additional directors, who shall hold office for a term expiring not later than the close of the next annual meeting of the shareholders, but the total number of directors so appointed may not exceed one third of the number of directors elected at the previous annual meeting of shareholders. 
 
8. The amalgamation has been approved pursuant to that section or subsection of the Act which is indicated as follows: 
 
 184(1) - Vertical short-form : approved by resolution of directors 
 
 
 
 
 
 
          
 
 
 
 
 
 
 9. 
 
 Declaration 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
          
 
 
 
 
 SCHEDULE 
 
 
The transfer of securities (other than non-convertible debt securities) of the Corporation shall be restricted in that no securityholder shall be entitled to transfer any such secu rity or securities without either: 
 
 
 (a) 
 
the approval of the directors of the Corporation expressed by a resolution passed at a meeting of the board of directors or by an instrument or instruments in writing signed by 
 
 a majority of the directors; or 
 
 
 (b) 
 
the approval of the holders of at least a majority of the shares of the Corporation entitling the holders thereof to vote in all circumstances (other than holders of shares who are 
 
entitled to vote separately as a class) for the time being outstanding expressed by a resolution passed at a meeting of the holders of such shares or by an instrument or instrument s in writing signed by the holders of a majority of such shares. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
          
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
          
 
 
 
 
 Schedule "A" 
 To 
 FORM 2 
 INITIAL REGISTERED OFFICE ADDRESS AND FIRST BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 
 NOVELIS INC. 
 
 
 
 Members of the board of directors: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 FIRST AND LAST NAME 
 
               ADDRESS 
 
 CANADIAN RESIDENT 
 (Y/N) 
 
 Birla, Kumar Mangalam 
 
 20 Carmichael Road 
 Mangal Adityayan 
 Mumbai 400 026 
 India 
 
 N 
 
 Agarwala, Askaran K. 
 
 Haveli, Flat No 3, L.D. 
 Ruparel Marg Malabar Hill 
 Mumbai 400 006 
 India 
 
 N 
 
 Bhattacharya, Debnarayan 
 
 14-A Woodland Peder Road 
 Mumbai 400 026 
 India 
 
 N 
 
 Chandran, Clarence J. 
 
 4998, 10th Line Erin 
 RR #5 
 Georgetown, ON L7G 4S8 
 
 
 Y 
 
 Stewart, Donald Alexander 
 
 1 St. Thomas Street, Apt. 24A 
 Toronto, ON M58 3M5 
 
 Y 
 
 Pai, Satish 
 
 Century Bhavan 
 3rd Floor 
 Dr. Annie Besant Road 
 Worli, Mumbai 400 030 
 India 
 
 N 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
          
 
 
