 htm 411129 Articles of incorporation 3 2017-03-15T16:02:07.454568-05:00 Filing 0001390478-17-000020 2017-03-15 10-K Annual  & Quarterly Reports 0001390478 Galena Biopharma, Inc. GALE GALPW COMMON STK Nasdaq Capital Market 2834 Pharmaceutical Preparations No CALIFORNIA DELAWARE DELAWARE RXi Pharmaceuticals Corp;GALENA BIOPHARMA, INC.;RXI PHARMACEUTICALS CORP false Accelerated Filer 001-33958 EXHIBIT 3.1 Exhibit Exhibit 2 gale-20161231xex31.htm EX-3.1 2 gale-20161231xex31.htm EXHIBIT 3.1 
 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 3.1 
 Delaware 
 The First State 
 
 Page 1 
 
 
I, JEFFREY W. BULLOCK, SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE, DO HEREBY CERTIFY THE ATTACHED ARE TRUE AND CORRECT COPIES OF ALL DOCUMENTS FILED FROM AND INCLUDING THE RESTATED CERTIFICATE OR A MERGER WITH A RESTATED CERTIFICATE ATTACHED OF "GALENA BIOPHARMA, INC." AS RECEIVED AND FILED IN THIS OFFICE. 
 THE FOLLOWING DOCUMENTS HAVE BEEN CERTIFIED: 
 
 RESTATED CERTIFICATE, FILED THE SIXTH DAY OF FEBRUARY, A.D. 
 
 2008, AT 4:40 O`CLOCK P.M. 
 
 CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT, FILED THE TWENTY-SIXTH DAY OF JULY, A.D. 2011, AT 4:08 O`CLOCK P.M. 
CERTIFICATE OF OWNERSHIP, CHANGING ITS NAME FROM "RXI PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION" TO "GALENA BIOPHARMA, INC.", FILED THE TWENTY-SIXTH DAY OF SEPTEMBER, A.D. 2011, AT 10:28 O`CLOCK  A.M. 
 CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT, FILED THE TWENTY-EIGHTH DAY OF JUNE, A.D. 2013, AT 4:56 O`CLOCK P.M. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Delaware 
 The First State 
 
 
 
 Page 2 
 
 
CERTIFICATE OF CHANGE OF REGISTERED AGENT, FILED THE TWENTY- SECOND DAY OF JULY, A.D. 2013, AT 9:13 O`CLOCK A.M. 
 CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT, FILED THE NINETEENTH DAY OF JUNE, 
 
 A.D. 2015, AT 2:23 O`CLOCK P.M. 
 
 CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT, FILED THE SEVENTEENTH DAY OF OCTOBER, A.D. 2016, AT 10 O`CLOCK A.M. 
 CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT, FILED THE SECOND DAY OF NOVEMBER, 
 
 A.D. 2016, AT 10 O`CLOCK A.M. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF 
 RXI PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION 
 a Delaware Corporation 
 
 RXi Pharmaceuticals   Corporation,   a   corporation   organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the   "Corporation   " ), does hereby   submit   this Amended   and   Restated Certificate of Incorporation ,   duly   adopted   pursuant to Sections 242 and   245   of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, for the purpose   of   amending   and   restating the   Certificate   of Incorporation of the Corporation, as originally filed with the Secretary   of   State   of   the   State   of Delaware on April 3, 2006 and   as subsequently amended on November 28,   2006, January 8,   2007   and June 19,   2007.   The text of the   Certificate   of Incorporation is hereby   restated and   amended to   read   in its entirety as   follows: 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 
 The name   of   this corporation is RXi Pharmaceuticals   Corporation. 
 
 ARTICLE II 
 
 The nature of the business and the purposes to be conducted and promoted by the Corporation   shall   be to   conduct   any lawful business, to promote any lawful purpose,   and   to engage in any lawful act or   activity   for   which corporations   may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware   (the "DGCL"). 
 
 ARTICLE III 
 
 A. Classes of Stock. This   corporation   i s   authorized to issue 55,000,000   shares.   50,000,000   shares shall   be Common   Stock   with   a   par   value of $0.0001   per   share   ("Common Stock") and   5,000,000   shares   shall   be Preferred   Stock   with   a   par   value of   $0.0001 per   share   ("Preferred   Stock"). 
 
 8.  Rights, Preferences, Privileges and Restrictions of Preferred Stock. Preferred Stock may be issued from   time   to time in   one   or more   series, each of such   series to have   such   tem1s as   stated or   expre ss ed herein   and   in the re s olution or resolutions providing for the issue   of such series   adopted by the Board   of   Directors of the   Corporation   (the "Board of Director   s" ) as hereinafter provided. Any   shares   of Preferred   Stock that   may be redeemed, purcha se d or acquired by the   Corporation   may be reissued except as   otherwise   provided by law or   this   Certificate of Incorporation .   Different   series   of Preferred Stock shall not be construed to   constitute   different classes of shares for the purposes   of 
 voting   by cla ss es unless   expressly   provided in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of such   series   adopted by the Board of Directors as hereinafter provided. 
 
 Authority   is hereby expressly granted to the Board of Directors   from   time to time to issue the Preferred Stock in   one   or   more   series, and in connection   with   the creation of any   such   series, by resolution or resolutions providing   for   the issue   of   the   shares   thereof ,   to determine and fix   such voting   powers, full or limited,   or   no voting power s,   and   such   de s ignations ,   preferences and relative participating ,   optional or other   special   rights,   and qualifications,   limitations or restrictions thereof, 
 
 including without limitation thereof, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges   and   liquidation preferences, as   shall   be stated and expressed in   such   resolutions,   all   to the full extent now   or   hereafter permitted by the DGCL. Without limiting the   generality of   the   foregoing, the   resolutions providing   for   issuance of any series of Preferred Stock may provide   that such series shall   be   superior or   rank equally or be junior to the Preferred Stock of any   other   series to the extent permitted by law   and   this Certificate   of   Incorporation.   Except   as   otherwise   provided   in   this   Certificate of   Incorporation, no   vote of   the holders   of   the   Preferred   Stock   or Common   Stock   shall   be a prerequisite to the 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 designation or issuance of any   shares of   any series of the Preferred Stock authorized by and complying with the conditions   of   this Certificate   of lncorporation,   the right to have   such   vote being expressly waived by all present and future holders of the   capital stock   of the   Corporation. 
 
 A. Common Stock.   The   voting,   dividend and liquidation rights of the holders of the Common   Stock   are   s ubject to and qualified by the rights   of   the holders of   the   Preferred Stock of   any   serie s   as   may be designated by the Board of Directors upon issuance of any   s uch Preferred Stock. The holders   of   the Common Stock shall have no preemptive rights to   subscribe for   any shares of any class   of   s t ock   of   the   Corporation whether   now or hereafter authorized. 
 
 
 1. 
 
 Dividend Rights . Dividends may be declared and paid   on   the   Common   Stock from funds lawfully available therefor as and when determined by the Board of Directors and   subject   to any preferential dividend rights   of   any then   outstanding   Preferred Stock. 
 
 
 
 2. 
 
 Liquidation Rights . Upon the dissolution or liquidation of the Corporation, whether   voluntary   or involuntary ,   holders   of   Common Stock   will   be   entitled   to   receive   all assets of the   Corporation   available for distribution to its   stockholders, subject   to any preferential rights of any then outstanding Preferred Stock. 
 
 
 
 3. 
 
 Redemption . The Common Stock is not redeemable . 
 
 
 
 4. 
 
 Voting Rights .   Each   share of Common Stock shall be entitled to one   vote.   There   s hall be no cumulative   voting. 
 
 
 
 5. 
 
 Number . The number   of   authorized shares of Common   Stock   may be   increased or   decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative   vote   of the holders   of a   majority of the   s tock of the   Corporation   entitled to vote, irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL. 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE   IV 
 
 The   corporation is to have perpetual existence. 
 
 ARTICLE V 
 
 Except to the   extent   that the DGCL prohibits the   elimination or   limitation of liability   of   directors for breaches of fiduciary duty, no director of the   Corporation shall   be personally liable to the Corporation   or   its stockholders for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duty as   a 
 director, notwithstanding any provision   of law   imposing such liability. No   amendment   to or repeal of 
 this provision shall   apply   to   or   have any   effect on   the liability   or alleged   liability   of any   director   of   the   Corporation   or with respect to any acts   or   omissions of   such   director occurring prior to   such amendment or   repeal. 
 
 ARTICLE VI 
 
 The corporation shall,   to   the   fullest   extent   p e rmitted by the provisions   of Section   145   of   the   General Corporation   Law   of   the State   of   Delaware, as   the same   may be amended and   supplemented,   indemnify   any   and   all   persons whom it   shall   have   power to   indemnify   under said   Section   from   and   against any and all of   the expenses ,   liabilities,   or other   matters referred   to   in   or covered   by   said section ,   and the indemnification provided   for   herein   shall   not be deemed   exclusive of   any other rights to   which those indemnified   may be entitled under any Bylaw,   agreement, vote   of   stockholders or   disinterested   directors or otherwise ,   both   as   to action in his   official capacity   and   as   to   action in   another capacity   while   holding   such office ,   and shall   continue   as   to   a   person   who   has   ceased   to be   a   director,   officer ,   employee ,   or   agent   and   shall inure to the benefit   of   the heirs, executors, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 and administrators of such   person. 
 
 ARTICLE VII 
 
 A. Indemnification.   The   Corporation shall, to   the maximum   extent   permitted under the DGCL   and   except   as set forth   below,   indemnify   and upon request   advance expenses to each   person   who   was   or   is a party or is threatened to be made   a   party to any threatened, pending   or completed   action,   suit or   proceeding,   whether civil, criminal, administrative or   investigative, by reason   of   the   fact that he is or was ,   or ha s   agreed to become, a   director   or   officer   of   the   Corporation, or   is   or was serving, or   has   agreed   to   serve,   at the request   of   the   Corporation, as   a director,   officer, employee   or   trustee   of,   or   in a   similar capacity with, another corporation,   partnership,   joint venture ,   trust   or other   enterprise,   including any   employee benefit plan   (all such   per   s ons   being referred to hereafter as   an   " lndemnitee"),   or   by reason of any   action alleged   to have been taken or   omitted   in   such   capacity ,   against all expenses (including attorneys'   fees) ,   judgments   ,   fines   and   amounts paid   in settlement   actually and   reasonably incurred   by   him   or on   his behalf in   connection with such action ,   suit or   proc e eding   and   any appeal   therefrom   ,   if he acted in   good faith   and   in   a manner he reasonably believed to be in,   or   not   opposed   to, the best interests   of   the Corporation, and, with respect to   any   criminal action   or   proceeding, had no reasonable   cause   to believe his conduct   was   unlawful.   Notwithstanding   anything to the   contrary in this   Article,   the Corporation shall   not indemnify   an   Indemnitee   seeking indemnification   in   connection with any   action,   suit,   proceeding, claim or counterclaim, or part thereof, initiated by the Indemnitee unless   the   initiation thereof   was approved   by the Board   of   Directors. 
 
 B. Determination of Entitlement to Indemnification   .   Any indemnification under Paragraph   A of   this Article (unles s   ordered   by a court)   shall   be made by   the   Corporation   only   as authorized   in   the   s pecific case   upon   a   determination   that indemnification is proper in   the circumstances   because such   person has either met the   applicable standard of conduct set forth   in this Article   and   that the amount   requested   has been actually   and   reasonably incurred. Such determination   shall   be made: 
 
 
 1. 
 
 by   a   majority   vote of   the   directors who are   not partie s   to   such action, suit or   proceeding, even though less than   a   quorum;   or 
 
 
 2. 
 
by a committee of such directors designated by a majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum; or 
 
 
 
 3. 
 
 ifthere are no such directors, or if such directors   so direct,   by independent legal   counsel   in a written opinion; or 
 
 
 
 4. 
 
 by the holders   of   the   Common   Stock . 
 
 
 A. Advance of Expenses . Notwithstanding   any   other provisions of this   Certificate   of Incorporation, the By-Laws of the Corporation, or any agreement,   vote   of stockholders or disinterested directors ,   or   arrangement   to the contrary, the Corporation may advance payment of   expenses   incurred by an Indemnitee in   advance   of the final disposition of any matter   only   to the extent   such   advance is not prohibited by   applicable law,   and then only upon receipt of an undertaking by or   on   behalf of the lndemnitee to repay all amounts   so   advanced in the event that it   shall   ultimately be determined that the Indemnitee is not entitled to be   indemnified  by the Corporation as authorized in this Article. Such undertaking may be accepted without reference to the financial ability of the Indemnitee to make such repayment. 
 
 B. Subsequent Amendment . No amendment, termination or repeal of this Article or of the relevant provisions of the DGCL or   any   other applicable laws shall   affect   or diminish in any way the rights   of   any lndemnitee to indemnification under the provisions hereof with respect to any action,   suit,   proceeding or investigation   arising   out of or relating to any actions, transactions or facts occurring 
 prior to the final adoption of   such   amendment, termination   or   repeal. 
 
 C. Other Rights . This corporation may, to the extent   authorized   from time   to   time by its Board of Directors, grant indemnification rights to other   employees or   agents   of   the Corporation or other 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 persons   serving   the   Corporation   and   such   rights may be equivalent to, or greater or less than, those set forth in this Article. 
 
 D. Merger or Consolidation .   If   the Corporation is merged into   or   consolidated   with   another   corporation   and the   Corporation   is not the surviving corporation, the   surviving   corporation shall   assume   the obligations of the Corporation under this Article with respect to any action,   suit,   proceeding   or   investigation   arising   out   of   or relating to any actions ,   transactions or facts   occurring   prior to the date   of such   merger or consolidation . 
 
 E. Savings Clause .   If   this Article   or   any portion hereof shall be invalidated on any ground by any court of   competent  jurisdiction, then the Corporation shall nevertheless indemnify each Indemnitee as to any expenses, including attorneys' fees ,   judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement in connection with any action,   suit,   proceeding or investigation, whether civil,   criminal   or   administrative,   including an action by or in the right   of   the Corporation ,   to the fullest extent   permitted   by any applicable portion of this Article that   shall   not have been invalidated and to the fullest   extent   permitted by applicable law . 
 
 F. Scope of Article . Indemnification and   advancement   of expenses ,   as   authorized   by the preceding provisions   of   this Article, shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those   seeking   indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any agreement, vote   of stockholders   or disinterested directors   or   otherwise ,   both   as   to action in an   official   capacity and   as   to 
 action in another capacity   while   holding   such   office. The indemnification   and   advancement of expenses provided by or granted pursuant to this Article   shall ,   unless otherwise provided   when   authorized   or   ratified, continue as to   a   person who has ceased to be an authorized   representative and shall   inure to the benefit of the heirs,   executors   and   administrators of   such   a   person. 
 
 I.      Insurance . The Corporation may purchase   and   maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is   or was a   director,   officer,   trustee, employee or   agent of   the Corporation ,   or   is or   was serving   at the request of the Corporation   as   a director, officer, trustee, employee   or   agent of another corporation, partnership, joint   venture,   trust or   other   enterprise   against any   liability asserted against the person   and   incurred by the person in any   such capacity, or   arising out of his   or   her   status   as   such ,   whether   or not the   Corporation   would have the power or   the   obligation to indemnify such person   against   such liability under the provisions   of   thi s   Article . 
 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 
The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate   of   Incorporation   ,   in the   manner   now   or   hereafter prescribed by   statute   and this   Certificate   of Incorporation, and   all   rights   conferred   upon   stockholders   herein   are granted   subject to this reservation. 
 
 ARTICLE IX 
 
 This Article is inserted   for   the   management of   the business   and   for the conduct   of   the   affairs of   the   Corporation . 
 
 A. Number of Directors . The Board   of   Directors   shall   consist   of one   or more members ,   each of whom shall   be   a   natural person.   The exact   number   of   directors   within   the limitations   specified   in the preceding sentence   shall   be fixed   from   time to time by,   or in   the manner   provided in ,   the By-Laws   of   the   Corporation. 
 
 B. Classes of Directors . The Board   of   Directors   shall   be and is divided into three classes:   Class   I,   Cla s s   II   and Class   III.   N o   one cla ss   shall   have more than   one   director more than   any other   class.   If a   fraction is   contained   in the quotient arrived   at   by   dividing the   designated   number of   directors by three, then ,   if such fraction   is one-third, the   extra   director   shall   b e   a   member   of Class   III, and if   such fraction is   two-thirds ,   one of   the extra directors shall be   a   member   of Class   III and   one of   the extra directors   shall be   a   member of   Class II ,   unless otherwise provided   from   time to time by resolution   adopted   by the   Board of   Director s. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 C. Election of Directors . Elections of   directors   need not be by written ballot except   as   and to the extent provided in the By-Laws   of   the   Corporation . 
 
 D. Terms of Office .   Except as   pro v ided in Paragraph   G of   this Article ,   each director   shall serve   for   a   term   ending on   the d a te   of   the   third annual   meeting   following   the   annual 
 meeting at   which such   director was   elected ;   provided ,   however , that each   initial director in Class   I   shal1 serve for a   term   ending on   the date   of   the annual meeting in   2008; each   initial director in   Class   II   shall serve for a   term ending   on   the date   of   the   annual   meeting in 2009; and each   initial   director in Class Ill   shall serve for   a term ending on the date   of   the   annual   meeting in   20   I O;   and   provided ,   further , 
 that the term   of each director shall   be   subject   to the   election and qualification of   his   suc ce sso r   and   to his earlier death, resignation or   removal. 
 
 E. Allocation of Directors Among Classes in the Event of Increases or Decreases   in   the Number of Director s .   In   the event of any   increase   or   decrease in the authorized number   of   directors, (i)   each   director then   serving   as   such   shall nevertheless continue   as   a director   of   the   class of   which he is   a   member   and   (ii)   the   newly   created or eliminated   directorships   resulting   from such increase   or   decrease   shall   be apportioned by the Board of Directors among the three classes   of   directors   so as   to   ensure   that no   one   class has more than   one   director more than any   other class. To   the   extent   possible,   consistent with   the   foregoing   rule ,   any newly   created   directorships   shall be   added to those   classes whose terms of office   are to expire at the latest dates   following   such allocation ,   and   any   newly   eliminated   directorships   shall   be   subtracted   from tho se   classes   whose   terms   of offices   are   to expire at   the earliest dates following   such allocation,   unless   otherwise   provided from time to time by resolution   adopted   by the Board   of   Directors . 
 
 F. Removal .   The directors   of   the   Corporation   may be   removed only   for   cause   by the   affirmative vote   of the holders   of   at least seventy five percent   (75%) of   the   outstanding   shares   of   capital   stock of   the   Corporation   entitled to   vote generally   in the election   of   directors ,   voting   together   as   a   single class, cast   at   a meeting   of the stockholders   called   for that   purpose. 
 
 G. Vacancies .   Any vacancy in   the Board   of   Directors,   however occurring ,   and any   newly   created directorship resulting   from   an enlargement of the Board ,   shall   be   filled only by   vot e   of   a majority   of the directors   then   in office ,   although   les s   than a quorum ,   or   by   a sole   remaining director. A   director elected   to fill   a   vacancy   shall   be   elected for the   unexpired   term of   his   predecessor in office, and a director chosen to fill a   position r es ulting   from   an increase in the number   of   director s   shall   hold   office   until the   next election of the   class   for which such director shall   h ave   been   chosen, subject to   the   election   and   qualification of   hi s successo r and   to   hi s   earlier death, resignation or   removal. 
 
 H. Stockholder   Nominations and Introduction of Business, Etc .   Advance   notice   of stockholder nominations for election of directors and other   business to   be   brought by   s tockholders before either   an annual or special   me e ting   of stockholders shall   be   given   in   the manner provided   by   the   By-Laws   of   the   Corpo ration. 
 
 I. Amendment   to Article .   No twithstanding   any other   provi s ions   of law,   this   Certificate of   Incorporation   or   the   By-Laws, each as amended,   and notwithstanding   the fact that a   lesser percentage   may   be   spec ified   by   Jaw ,   this   Certificate of   Incorporation   or   the   By-Laws   of the Corporation, the   affirmative   vote   of   at   lea s t   seventy   five percent   (75%) of   the   outstanding shares of capital   s tock of the Corporation entitled   to   vote generally   in the   election of   directors ,   voting   together   as a single   class,   shall   be   required to amend or   repeal,   or to adopt any   provisions   inconsistent with the   purpose   or intent of 
 this   Article   IX. 
 
 ARTICLE X 
 
 Except as   otherwise provided   in   the   By-Laws,   the   stockholders   of the   Corporation and   the Board   of   Director s   may hold   their meetings   and have   an office or offices outside of   the   State of   Delaware   and, subject   to the   provisions of the   laws of   said State,   may keep the books   of   the   corporation outside of 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 said State at   such   places as may, from time to time ,   be designated by the Board of Directors or by the By-Laws of the Corporation. 
 
 ARTICLE XI 
 
At any time during which a class of capital stock of the Corporation is registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or any similar successor   statute,   stockholders of the Corporation may not take any action by written consent in lieu of   a   meeting .   Notwithstanding   any other provisions of law ,   thi s   Certificate of lncorporation or the By-Laws,   each   as amended ,   and notwithstanding the   fact   that a lesser percentage may be   specified   by law ,  this Certificate of Incorporation or the By-Laws of the Corporation, the affirmative vote of at least   seventy   five percent (75%) of the   outstanding   shares of   capital stock   of the Corporation entitled to   vote   generally in the election of directors, voting together as a   single   class, shall be required to amend or repeal or to adopt any provisions inconsistent with the purpo se   or intent of this Article XI. 
 
 ARTICLE XII 
 
 Special meetings of stockholders may be called at any time only by the   Chairman  of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer (or if there is no Chief Executive Officer, the President) or the Board of Directors   .   Any business transacted at any   special   meeting of stockholders shall be limited to matters relating to the purpose or purposes   stated in   the notice of meeting .   Notwithstanding any other provisions   of   law ,   this Certificate of Incorporation or the By-Laws ,   each as amended, and notwithstanding the fact   that   a les se r percentage may be   specified   by law ,   this Certificate   of   Incorporation   or   the By-Laws of the Corporation, the affirmative   vote   of at least   seventy   five percent (75 % ) of the   outstanding shares of capital   stock of the   Corporation   entitled to   vote   generally in the election of director s,   voting   together as a   single   cla ss,   shall be required to amend   or   repeal   or   to   adopt   any provi s ions inconsistent with the purpose or intent of this Article XII. 
 
 ARTICLE XIII 
 
 The regi s tered office of the corporation in the State of Delaware is   Corporation   Trust   Center,   1209 Orange Street, City   of   Wilmington,   County of   New Castle.   The   name of   its   registered agent at   such   offi ce   is The   Corporation Trust Company . 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Certificate of lncorporation to be signed by its President and Chief Executive Officer on this 5th day of February, 2008. 
 
 
 RXI PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION 
 
 By:   / s/ Tod Woolf   Tod Woolf 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 State   of Delaware   Secretary   of   State   Division of Corporations 
 Delivered 04:08 PM 07/26/2011 FILED 04 : 08 PM 07 / 26 / 2011 
 SRV 110859225   -   4136433 FILE 
 
 CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT TO 
 RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF RXi PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION 
 
 RXi Pharmaceutical   s   Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the   " Company"), hereby certifies that: 
 
 1.The following resolution has been unanimously adopted by the Company's Board of Directors and has been approved by the holder s  of a majority of the Company's outstanding common stock in accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law for the purpose of amending the Company   ' s Restated Certificate of lncorporation   : 
 
 RESOLVED, that the Restated Certificate of lncorporation of the Company be amended   by   deleting in its entirety Article III, Section A, and by replacing it with the foll o wing: 
 " A .      Classes of Stock . This Corporation is authorized to is s ue 130,000 , 000 shares ,   of which 125,000,000 shares shall be Common Stock with a par value of $0.000 I per share (" Common Stock ") and 5,000 , 000 shares will be Preferred Stock with a part value of $0 . 0001 per share (" Preferred Stock ")." 
 2. The above   amendment was duly adopted by the Company in accordance with the provisions of Section 242 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF   ,   RXi Pharm aceuticals Corporation has caused this Certificate of Amendment to be signed by a duly authorized officer this   18th   day of July   2011. 
 
 
 RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation 
 
 By:   /s/ Mark J. Ahn 
 Mark J. Ahn 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 State   of   Delaware Secretary   of   State   Division of Corporations 
 Delivered 10:28 AM 09/26/2011 FILED 10:28   AM   09/26/2011 
 SRV 111039489   -   4136433 FILE 
 CERTIFICATE OF   OWNERSHIP   AND MERGER MERGING 
 GALENA BIOPHARMA, INC. 
 (a   Delaware corpor a tion) 
 
 WITH AND INTO 
 RXI   PHARMACEUTICALS CORPORATION 
 (a Delaware corporation) 
 
 ( Pursuant   to Section   253   of the Delaware General Corporation Law) 
 
 RXi Pharmaceuticals   Corporation,   a   Delaware   corporation   (t he   " Co mpan y" ),   does   her eby   c ert ify to the   following   facts   relating   to the merger   (the   " M erger ")   of Galena   Biopharma, Inc .,   a Delaware corporation (the   " Su bsidiary "),   with and into   the   Company, with the Company   r ema ining   as the   surv i v ing   corporation   under   the name   of   "Gal ena   Biopharma,   In c. " 
 
 1. The   Subsidi ary   is   a corporation   incorporated   on September 8, 2011   under   the Delaware General Corporation   Law (the   " DGC L "). 
 
 
 2. 
 
 The Company   i s   a corporation   incorporat e d   on April 3,   2006   under   the   DGCL. 
 
 
 3. The Company is   the owner   of all   of the   outstanding   s hares   of the cap it al stock   of   the   Subsidiary. 
 
 4. The   Board   o f   Directors   of   the Company, by resolutions duly adopted   a t   a   me et i ng   of   the Board   of Directors of the Company   held   on August   23 ,   2011 ,   determined   t o   merge into   itself the Subsidiary,   and   to effect a   change of   the   Company's   name t o "Galena   Bioph arma,   In c. "   in   connection with such   merger, pursuant to   Section 253 of   the   DGCL.   Such r eso lutions   are as   follows: 
 
 WHEREAS, in view of   the   Company ' s   proposed transfer   and contributi o n   to   a   wholly ­ owed   subsidiary of   the   Company   of   certain   RNAi   assets and   rel ate d   obligations of RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation (the " Company ") (the " Spin-Off'' ), the Company has proposed to change   its   corporate   name   so   as not to include   the   name "RXi" or "RNAi"; and 
 
 WHEREAS, after thorough   con s ideration ,   the Board of   Dire ctors   belie ves   it   i s   ad v isable and   in the best   interests of   the   Company   and its   stockholders   to   change the   name   of   the   Company to Galena Biopharma,   Inc.   from RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation   (the   " Name Change "), and to   effect   such   Name   Change pursuant   to   the provisions   of   Section   253   of the Delaware   Genera l   Corporat i o n   Law (the " DGCL "); and 
 
 WHEREAS,   in   order to effect the Name Change,   the   Company   desir es   to form a   new   corporation named Galena Biopharma,   Inc.,   a   Delaware   corporation   (th e   " Subsidiary "),   and   to acquire shares   of   common   stock,   par   va lue   $0.0001   pe r   share,   of the   Subs idi ary (co llectiv ely,   the   " I ncorpora tion ");   and 
 
 WHEREAS ,   followin g   the effecti veness   of   the Incorporation, the Company will own   all of   the outstanding   s har es   o f   the capital stock of   th e   Sub sidiary;   and 
 
 WHEREAS, in   order   to consummate the   Name Change,   the Board of Directors of the Company believes it is advisable and in the best interests of the   Company   and   its   stockholders that, following the effectiveness   of   the Incorporation, the Subsidiary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 be merged with and into the Company (the   " Merger ")   pursuant to Section   253 of   the DGCL ,   so  that the Company will be the surviving corporation following the Merger and that the Name Change be effected as part of the Merger as permitted under the DGCL; 
 
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Incorporation is hereby authorized and approved in all respects ;   and it is 
 
 RESOLVED FURTHER, that the officers of the Company be   and   each   hereby is authorized, empowered and directed, by and   on   behalf   of   the   Company   and in its name ,   to prepare   or   cause to be prepared,   and   to   execute   and file   with   the Delaware Secretary   of   State a Certificate of Incorporation to form the Subsidiary, and to take all such other actions as   they   or   any   one of them shall deem necessary or   appropriate   to consummate the Incorporation;   and it   is 
 
 RESOLVED FURTHER, that the Merger and the Name   Change   are hereby authorized   and   approved; and it is 
 
 RESOLVED FURTHER, that following   the   Incorporation, the officers   of   the Company be   and   each hereby is authorized ,   empowered   and directed, by and   on   behalf of the   Company   and in its name, to effect the   Name   Change by merging the Subsidiary with and into the   Company pursuant to   Section 253   of   the DGCL, so that the Company will be the surviving   corporation   and possess   all   of the Subsidiary's   property,   rights, privilege s   and   powers, and assume all of   th e   Subsidiary's liabilities   and   obligations; and it is 
 
 RESOLVED FURTHER ,   that by virtue of   the   Merger and without any action on the part   of   the holder thereof, each then   outstanding share of   common   stock,   par   va lue $0.0001   per   s hare ,   of   the   Company   (the   " Common   Stock ") shall remain unchanged and   continue   to remain   outstanding   as   one   share of   Common Stock, held by the person who   was   the holder of such   share   of   Common   Stock immediately prior to the Merger; and   it   is 
 
 RESOLVED   FURTHER ,   that by   virtue   of the Merger and   without   any   action   on   the   part of the holder thereof, each then outstanding share   of   common   stock,   par   value $0.0001 per share, of   the Subsidiary   shall   be cancelled and no   consideration   shall be issued in respect thereof;   and   it is 
 
 RESOLVED   FURTHER, that   the   directors and   officers of   the   Company   immediately prior to the Merger   shall continue   to remain the directors   and   officers of the   Company   until the earlier   of their   death, resignation   or   removal or until their respective successors   are   duly   elected   and qualified, as the case may be;   and   it   i s 
 
 RESOLVED   FURTHER, that,   pursuant to Section 253(b)   of the DGCL,   upon   th e   effective   date of the Merger, the corporate name of the Company   shall be   changed to   Galena   Biopharma ,   Inc.   ;   and   it   is 
 
 RESOLVED   FURTHER, that   the Certificate   of Incorporation   of   the   Company as   in   effect immediately   prior to the   effective   time   of   the Merger shall be the certificate   of 
 
 
 
 incorporation of the surviving   corporation, except   that Art icle   1   thereof   shall   be amended   in   its   entire ty   to   read as fo llo ws: 
 
 "A RTICLE   I 
 
 The name of this   corporatio n is   Galena Biopharma, Inc . " 
 
 RESOLVED FURTH ER,   that   the Bylaws of the Company as in effect immediately prior   to   the effective   time   of the Merger shall be amended and restated to reflect the Name Change; and it is 
 
 RESOLVED FURTHER ,   that   t he   office rs   of th e   Company be and each hereby is   auth oriz ed ,   empowered   and   directed, in   the   name   and   on behalf   of   the Company,   to   prepare or cause to be prepared, and to execute and   file   wit h   the Delaware Secretary of State a Certificat e   of   Own e rship and Merger that sets forth   therein   a copy of these   r esolut ion s   and   the   date th a t   such   re solu tion s   were   adop ted   by   the   Board of   Di rec tors;   a nd it   is 
 
 R ESOLVED   FURTHER,   t hat   the officers of the Company be, and each   of   them   her eby   is, authorized, empowered and directed,   in   the name and on   behalf   of   the   Company, to (i)   notify   the   Company's   transfer   agent and   reg i strar   for   the Company   's   common stock   of the Name   Change,   (ii) obtain a   new   CUSIP   number,   (iii)   prepare   and   file with   the   SEC   a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 cur rent   report   on Form   8-K to   dis close   the transactions contemplated by the foregoing resolutions, and {iv)   exe cute   su c h   document s,   di sburse   such funds, engage   s uch   persons, and take all   such   other actions that   such   officer may   deem   n ecessa ry   or advisable in   connection   with the Name Change   and   the Merger   and   to   carry   out the intent and purpose   of   t he   foregoing   re so luti ons. 
 
 1. T h e Compa ny   shall be the   su r viving   corporation of the Merger. 
 
 2. The   Certificate of Incorporation of the Company as in effect immediately prior to th e   effective time   of   the Merger shall be   the   certificate of   in co rp orat ion   of   the   surviving   corporation ,   except that Article   I   thereof shall be amended   in   its entirety   to read   as follows: 
 
 "ARTICLE I 
 
 The name of   this   corporation is   Ga lena   B i opharma ,   I n c." 
 
 
 3. 
 
 The Merger shall be effective   as   of   September   _26 ,   2011 . 
 
 
 IN WITNESS W HEREOF,   RXi   Pharmaceuticals   Corporation   ha s   caused this   Cert ifi cate   of   Ownership   and Merger   to   be   s igned   b y   it s   duly   autho ri zed   officer, this   ·· 26   day   of September   201 1. 
 
 RXI PHARMACEUTICALS   CORPORATION 
 
 By;   /S/ Mark J. Ahn      
 Name :   Mark J. Ahn, Ph.D. 
 Title: President and Chief Exe c utive Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 State of Delaware   Secretary   of State Division   0£   Corporations 
 Delivered 04   : 59 PM 06/28/2 0 13 
 FILED 04   : 56 PM 06/28/2 0 13 
 SRV 130832067   -   4136433 FILE 
 
 CERTIFICATE OF   AMENDMENT 
 TO 
 AMENDED AND   RESTATED   CERTIFICATE   OF INCORPORATION OF 
 GALENA   BIOPHARMA,   INC. 
 
 
 that: 
 Gal en a Biopharma ,   Inc .,   a   Delaw a re   co rp oration   ( the   " Corpora tion"),   hereby certifie s 
 
 1. The   following   resolution   ha s   been   unanimously adopted   by   th e   Corporation ' s   Board of   Direc t ors and   ha s   been approved by   the holder s   of   a   m ajo r it y of   the   Corpora tion' s   outs t anding common stock   in   accordance   with   the   Delaware   General   Co rporation   Law for   t he purpose of   amendi ng   the   Corporat ion 's   Amended and Re s tated   Certificate of   Inc orporation: 
 
 RESOLV E D. that   AR T ICL E   III, Sec tion   A   of   the Amended and   Re s tated 
 C ertificate of Incorporati o n   o f the   Corp o r a tion   s hall   be amended   to   read   in i ts   enti rct y   as follows: 
 
 " A.      Classes   of   Stock.   This   Corporation is auth or i ze d t o   iss ue 205 ,00 0 , 000 share s,   of which 200,000,000   s hares   sha ll   be   Common   Stock   with   a par   va lue   of   $0.0001 per   share   (" Common Stock ")   and   5 , 000.000 shar es   s hall   be   Preferred   Sto ck   with a par value of   $0.0001   per   s hare   (" Preferred Stock " ).' ' 
 
 2. The above   amend ment   was   duly adopted   by   the   Corporation   i n   acccmi <rnce   with   the   pro v i s ion s   of Section   2 42   of   the D e laware G enera l   Corporation   Law. 
 
 l N   WlT NES S   WHEREOF. Galena   Biopharm a,   . I n c.   has   caused t hi s   Cer tifi ca t e   of 
 Amendment   t o   be s ign ed   b y   duly   authorized officer   t hi s   28 th   da y   o f June   20   1 3 . 
 
 
 Galena   Biopha rma.   I nc. 
 
 By;   /S/ Mark J. Ahn      
 Name :   Mark J. Ahn, Ph.D. 
 Title: President and Chief Exe c utive Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 State of Delaware Secretary of State 
 Division of Corporations Delivered 11:17 AM   0 7 /22/20 13 
 FILED 09: 13 AM   0 7 /22/20 13 
 SRV 130900861   -   4136433 FILE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 C ERTIFICATE   OF   CHANGE OF   LOCATION   OF REGISTERED OFFICE AND   OF   REGISTERED   AGENT 
 OF 
 
 
 GALENA BIOPHARMA, INC. 
 
 
 It   i s   hereb y ce rtified   tha t: 
 
 
 1. 
 
 The   name   of   the   corporation (hereinafter   called   the   "corporation   " ) i s : 
 
 
 GALENA BIOPHARMA, INC. 
 
 
 2 .   Th e   register e d office of   the   corporation within   the   Stat e   of   D e l a ware   i s   hereby changed to   2711 Centerville   Road ,   Suite   400 ,   City of Wilmington 19808, C o unty   of N e w   Castle . 
 
 3.   The registered   agent of the corporation within the Stat e   of Delaware i s   hereby changed to   Corporation Service Company, the   busines s   office o f   which   i s   identical   with the registered office   of the   corporation as   hereby   changed. 
 
 4.   The corporation   has   authorized   the change s   hereinbefore   set forth   by   r es olution of its   Board   of   Directors. 
 
 
 Signed: 
 Galena   Biopharma,   Inc. 
 
 By: /s/ Mark W. Schwartz 
 Name . Mark W.   Schwartz ,   Ph.D. 
 Title :   Executi ve Vice   Pr es ident   &   COO 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 State   of   Delaware Secretary   of   State   Division of Corporations 
 Delivered 02:36 PM 06/19/2015 FILED 02:23 PM 06/19/2015 
 SRV 150947213   -   4136433 FILE 
 
 
 
 
 CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT TO 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF GALENA BIOPHARMA, INC. 
 
 
 that: 
 Galena Biopharma, Inc .,   a Delaware corporation   (the "Corporation"),   hereby certifies 
 
 1.      The following resolution has been unanimously adopted by the Corporation   's   Board of Directors and has been   approved   by the holders of a majority   of the  Corporation's outstanding common stock in accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law for the purpose of amending the Corporation's Amended   and   Restated Certificate of Incorporation: 
 
 RESOLVED,   that  ARTICLE III, Section A of the Amended and Restated Certificate of lncorporation of the Corporation shall be amended to read in its entirety as follows: 
 
 " A .      Classes of Stock .   This Corporation is authorized to issue 280,000,000 shares, of   which 275,000,000 shares   shall be Common Stock with   a   par   value   of $0 . 0001 per share   ("Common  Stock") and 5,000,000 shares shall be Preferred Stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share ("Preferred Stock" ). " 
 
 2 .     The above amendment was duly adopted by the Corporation in accordance with the provisions of Section 242 of the Delaware General Corporation Law . 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Galena Biopharma, Inc .   has caused this   Certificate   of Amendment to be signed by a duly authorized officer this   I 9 1   day   of   June   2015. 
 
 Galena Biopharma, Inc. 
 
 
 By: /s/ Mark W. Schwartz 
 Name . Mark W.   Schwartz ,   Ph.D. 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Stat e o f   Delaware   S ec r e tar y   of   Stat e   D i v i sion   o f   Corporations 
 D eli v ered 10:00   AM 10 / 1 712 016   FILED   1 0 : 00   AM1 0 / 1 7n0 1 6 
 SR   2 0 16625 0 7 4 0   -   File   N umb e r   41 36433 
 
 
 
 
 STATE OF DELAWARE CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT 
 OF CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 
 
 Galena Biopharma ,   Inc .,   organized and existing under and   by   virtue of th e   General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, does hereby certify: 
 FIRST :   That at a meeting of the Board of Directors of Galena Biopharma, Inc. resolutions were duly adopted   setting   forth a propo se d amendment of the 
 Certificat e   of Incorporation of said   corporation,   declaring said   amendment   to be advisable and calling   a   meeting of the stockholders of said   corporation   for   consideration   thereof. The resolution   setting   forth the proposed amendment i s   as   follows: 
 
 RESOLVED,   that the   Certificate   of Incorporation   of   this   corporation be amended   by   changing th e   Article thereof numbered " Section   (A)   of Articl e   III "   so that,   as   amended ,   said Article   s hall be and read as follows: 
 A. Classes of Stock.   This Corporation   is   authorized   to issue   355,000,000 shares ,   of   which   350 , 000 , 000 shares   shall   be   Common   Stock with a par   value of $0.0001   per   share ("Common Stock") and   5,000,000   s hares shall be Preferred Stock   w ith   a   par   va lue   of 
 $0.0001 per share   ("Preferred   Stock") . 
 
 SECOND :   That thereafter, pursuant to resolution   of   its Bo ar d   of   Director s,   at   the   annual   meeting of the   stockholders of   sa id   corporation   duly   ca ll e d   and   held upon notice in accordanc e   with   Se c tion   222   of   th e   General Corporation Law   of   the St a te   of   Delaw are   at   which meeting the necessary number   of   shares   as   required b y s tatute   were   vo t ed   in   favor of   the   amendment. 
 
 THIRD :   That   said amendment was   duly   adopted   in   accordance   w ith the   provisions of   S ec t io n   242   of   the Gene ra l   Corporation   L a w   of   the   State   of D elaware. 
 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,   said   corporation   ha s   caused   thi s c e rt i ficate   to   b e   signed   this 
 14th   day   of September   2016. 
 
 
 By :/S/ Thomas J. Knapp          
   Authorized   Officer 
 Titl e:   Corporate   S ec retary 
 
 Name:   T hom   as   J.   Knapp 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 S tate of   D e lawar e   Secretar y o f   S tate Divis io n   o f   Co rporati o n s 
 Deliver e d   1 0:00   AM 11/02 / 2 0 1 6   FIL E D   10 :00   A M 11/0 2 /20 16 
 SR 2 0 1 66 4 6 8 00 4   - Fil e N umb e r 4136433 
 
 
 STATE OF DELAWARE CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT 
 OF CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 
 
 Galena   Biopharma ,   Inc ., o rganized   and   exis ting   under   and by   virtue of   t he   General   Co rporation   Law of   the State of Delaware ,   does hereby   certify: 
 FIRST : That at a   meetin g   of   th e   Board   of   Directors   of   Galena Bi op harm a,   Inc. ,   r esol ution s   were duly   a dopted   s ettin g   forth an amendment   of   the Certificate   of Incorp orat ion of   sa id corporation ,   de cl ar ing sa id   amendment   to be   e ffective based   on   the   vote   of   s tockholder   s   at   a s pe cial   meeting   of   the   s tockholders   of   s aid corporation.   The re sol ut i on   se tting   forth   the   amen dm ent is   as   follows : 
 
 RESOLVED ,   that   the   Ce rtific ate   of Incorporation of thi s   corporation   be   a mended b y c h a nging the Articl e   thereof numbered   "   Sect io n (A)   of   Articl e   ITI "   so   that , as ame nd ed a nd   re s tated,   sa id   Article   s hall be   and   re a d   a s follows: 
 " A.   Classes of   Stock. This   Corporation   is   au thoriz ed   to   issue   355 , 000,000   s h a res ,   of   which 3 5 0,000 , 000   shall   be   Co mmon   Stock with a   pa r va lue   of   $ 0 . 0001   per   sha r e   (the   " Common Stock " )   and   5,000,000   shares   sh a ll be Pr e ferred Stock wi th   a   par   value of   $0.0 001   per   sha r e. 
 Rever se   Stock S p lit .   Effec tive   at   12:0I   a. m ., Eas tern Standard Time   on   November   11,   20 16   ( the   "E ffective Time " ),   each 20   shares   of   common   s tock is s ued   an d   out s tandin g   or   held   by   t he   Corporation   in treasury   i mmedi a tely   prior   to th e   Effective Time   ( the   "O ld Common   Stock")   shall   automatically without   fu rther   actio n on t he   part   of   the   Co rporati o n or   any h old er of   Old   Co mmon Stock ,   be   recl ass ified ,   combined   and   c hanged into one   fully   paid   a nd n o na sses s ab l e   share   of new   common stock (the   "N ew   Common Stock"). Th er e shall be no   fractional   s hares   i ssue d   with respect   to th e   New Common Stock .   I n   li e u   thereof,   the   aggregate of   all frac tion a l   shares o th erw i se   i ssua b le   to the holder s   of   reco rd   of   Old   C ommon Stock   s hall b e   issued   to   Computershare (the   " Trans fer   Agent") ,   as   ag e nt ,   for th e   accounts   of   all   holder s   of   record of Old   Common   Stoc k ot herwis e e ntitled t o   have   a   fra c tion of   a   s har e   i ss u e d to th e m .   The   sa le   of   all   fractional interests   will   be effected   by   the   Transfe r   Agent   as   soon   as   practicable   af ter the   E ffecti ve   Tim e on   t he   ba s is   of   prevai   l in g   mark et   prices   of the   New Common St ock   at   the   time   of   sale .   Aft er   su ch sale   and upon   the su rrender of   the   s tockhold e rs'   s to c k   certificates ,   th e   Tran s f er   Ag e nt   w ill p ay   to   such   ho l d er s   of record   th e ir   pro   rata   s hare   of   the   net   proceeds deriv e d from the   sale   of th e   fract io n a l intere s t s . Fro m   and af t e r   th e E ffectiv e   Tim e ,   certificates   repr ese nting the   Old   Common Sto c k   s hall   represent   the   number of whole   s hare s of   New   C omm o n Sto c k   into   w hich   such   Old   Co mmon   Stoc k   sh all   have   been   reclassified,   combined   a nd changed pur s uant to this   Certificate of   Am en dm en t ,   subject   to t he   elimination   of   fractional   s hare   interests as   describ e d abov e . " 
 
 
 
 
 
 SECOND:   T h a t pursu a nt to resolution of   its   Board   of   Director s,   at   the   s pecial meeting of the   stockholders   of   sa id corp ora tion   duly called   a nd held   upon   notic e   in accordance with Section 222   of   th e Gener al   Co rpo r ation   Law   of   the   State of Delaware at   w hi ch mee tin g the   n ec es sary   number   of   shares as   requi re d by   statute were voted   in   favor of   th e ame ndm ent. 
 
 THIRD:   Th a t   sai d   amendment wa s   duly adopted   in   accor dance   wit h the   provisions   of Sec tion   242   of   the   Ge ne ra l   Co rp orat i on 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Law of the State   of   Delaware. 
 
 
 
 IN WIT N ESS WHEREOF ,   sa id   co rporation h as   cau se d thi s   c e rt ificate   to b e   s i gned   t h i s   1st   d ay of   Nov em ber   2016. 
 
 
 B y:   /S/ Thomas J. Knapp 
 Authorized   Officer 
 Title:   Co rporat e Secre t ary   Nam e:   Thomas   J.   Knapp 
 
 
 
 
 
