 htm 269711 Material contracts 10 2017-04-06T16:01:36.189182-05:00 Filing 0001445866-17-000421 2017-04-06 10-K Annual  & Quarterly Reports 0000726293 NABUfit Global, Inc. NBFT COMMON OTC 4813 Telephone Communications, Except Radiotelephone UTAH DELAWARE DELAWARE CRYPTOSIGN, INC.;STRATEGABIZ, INC.;Agricon Global Corp false 000-11730 EXHIBIT 10.13 Exhibit Exhibit 2 nbft_ex10z13.htm EX-10.13 2 nbft_ex10z13.htm EXHIBIT 10.13 
 
   
   
 EXHIBIT 10.13 
   
   
   
 Dated   1st   November 2016 
   
   
   
   
 NABUF I T Globa l   ApS 
   
 an d 
   
 Mo Farah   Inc. 
   
 1 st   of November 2016   -   3 1st   of October 2019   ( 3 ye a rs ) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 AMBASSADOR  AGREEMENT 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 1 
   
 
 
 TH I S AGREEMENT   i s   m a de on the   1si   of   November   2 016 
   
   
 BETWEEN : 
   
 (1)   NABUF IT   G l obal   (a   company registered   in   Denmark ,   Viden s p a rken, Ves t erball e vej 5,   7 000 F r e d e r icia)  (" NABUFIT ");   and   
   
 (2)   Mo Farah Inc . (" MF ")  a company registered at 760 .   SW g lh   A venue.   S uit e   3000,   P ortland ,   O R   9720 5 ,   U S A. Registration  no .   1050662-94 .   
   
 ( t ogether   th e   ·   Parties   ). 
   
   
 WHEREAS : 
   
 (A)   Mo   F ar a h  (" Talent "}  is   recognised and   widely known   as an   i n ternationaldi s tancerunn e r   
   
 (B)   NA B UFIT wishes to utilise   th e   personal services   of   Talent in   an ambassador   role for the promotion of NABUFIT worldwide during the Term   
   
 (C)   NABU F IT   wishes   to   acquire   t he   right   to use   Talent's nam e ,   i mage and   likene s s worldwide   
   
 (D)   PACE Sports   Managem e nt   SA R L   is   the agent  ( "   Agent   ")  for T a l e nt and Mo   Farah Inc .   
   
 IT  I S   H EREBY AGREED AS  FOLLOWS : 
   
 1.   Te r m   
   
 1.1   This Agre e ment   shall come into force on the Commencement   Date and ,   subject to the provisions   o f clause 1.2   a n d clause 7, shall continue for   the Term.   
   
 1.2   The Parties shall ,   not later than the 30 m   of   April 20 1 9   discuss   in   good   faith the   possibility of   extending the duration of   this Agreement.   Any such   extension shall   be on   terms and   con d itions as mutually agreed between the Parties and only vaHd   when   docum e nted ,   in   wri t ing ,   and signed by   the   Parties .   
   
 2.   G r an t   o f   Rights   
   
 2.1   In   accorda n ce with   the   terms and   conditions of this   Agr e ement ,   MF  grants to   NABUFIT, for  the   Term and   for the Territory ,   a   revocable   and   non   transferable   licence to use Talent's Image   and   the   right to   require   T alent   to   make   the Personal Appearances,   as  specified ,   only   in res p ect   of   the Purpose.   
   
 2.2   MF sh a ll   not   during   the   Term exploit   Talent's   I mage or   procure   that Talent makes Personal Appe a rances in th e   Terri t ory   in   connection   with   (wh ether   for the   promotion of or otherwise) a dir e ct com p etitor of NABUFIT   i n   the   on li ne   fitness industry.   except for Nike ,   or   without the  prior written consent of   NABUFIT   {n ot to be   unreasonably withheld or   delayed ).   
   
 3.   Persona l   Appearances by MF   
   
 3.1   MF   shall p r ocure that   Talent   shall   be available for   and shall   m a ke   Per s onal Appeara n ces for and/or on beha l f   of   NABUFIT   during the   Term   throughout   the Territory as set out b e low .   Talent   shall be required   to make Personal Appearances   as per   the   schedule below and sh a ll act   in good   faith and   use   an   reasonable   endeavours to   comply   with a request   for   a Personal App e arancewhere such   request does not   conflict   with MF's   and / or Talent ' s   obligations   under   the   E xi s ting Endorsement Agreements and   which fits   in   with Tal e nt's   training and   competition   schedule. MF and NABUF1T shall discuss   in good   f aith any additiona l   P ersonalApp e arances   that   NA B UFIT   may   wish Talent to   undertake or attend.   
 2 
   
 
   
 Contract   Year 1   -   1 s 1   November 2016 - 31 st   October 2017   - 1   Personal Appearance 
 Contract Year 2   -   1 a1 November 2017 -   31s1 October   2018- 2   Personal Appearances Contract   Year 3 - 1s1 November   2018   -   31 i.:   October   20 1 9   -   2 Persona l   Appearances 
   
 3.2   A   Personal Appearance shall   mean :   
 (a)   Talent shall   be   available to NABUFI T   for clinic   I   Store   vi sit   /   hospitality   visit   /   press conference   /   photo   shoot /   video shoot   f or   the NABUFIT   platforms   I   PR   during   the Term   for   a   co ntinuo us   duration of no   more   than   five [SJ   hours   i n a day   at   a t i me and   venue   mutually  ag r eedbetween the Part i es.   
 Talent   i s   t o demonstrate   exercises   which   rs   to be   recorded and   used on   all NABUFIT   platforms 
 All other   material   produced   is   to be   u sed   for promoting   the   NABUFIT   services ,   apps, 
 online   etc . 
   
 (b)   Ta l ent acts as an ambassador   for   NABUF IT   during the   Term .   
   
 (c)   Ta l ent makes at least 24 NABUFIT re l ate d po st s / yearon his different   official social   media   platforms   ( Twitter .   Facebook ,   ln stagram etc . ) .   For the avoidance of   doubt .   the   same or s i milar post posted   on   Face book ,   Twitter   and   l nstagramsha ll   count   as   three individual   posts for these purposes. A   minimum of one of the   posts sha ll   be on Facebook.   
   
 3.3   If   Talent   i s unava ll ab l e for   a   Persona l   Appea r ance   due to a   prior engagement   which conflicts   with that Personal Appearance ,   due   to illness ,   injury or   due   to   some other reason beyond his   reasonable control ,   the Nom in ated Represe nt a tive   shall :   ( i )   advise NABUF IT   as   soon   as possible   providing   reaso n s   for hi.s   una vailability ;   a nd   { ii) if   requested   by NABUFIT .   co-operate with   NABUF I T   i n   good faith   to   i dentify   a n   altemat ive   date   for   Talent   to   f ulfi l   that   Personal Appearance   within the   appropriate   Contract   Y ear or   f a iling   that   the   following   Contract   Year .   
   
 3.4   MF procure   that Talent shall   carry out   th e   Personal   Appearances   at   a ll   t i mes   in   a cc ordance   with   NABUF I T's   rea sonable in struct ion s and   directions   i nclud i ng with respect   to the following :   
   
 (a)   activities   to   be   undertake n   at   the   Personal   Appearances   ( such as posing for   photographs ,   signing   autographs a nd g i ving in terv i ews ).   
   
 3.5   In   respect of   any Persona l   Appeara nce to   be   m ade   by   Ta l ent   pursuant to this clause   3 ,   NABUFIT   agrees   to pay or   reimburse   MF/Talent w i thin   seven   ( 7 )   days for   any   reasonable travel ,     accommodation ,     food and beverage   expenses   i ncurred   by   Talent   and one (1) Accompanying   Person ,   prov i de d   t h at   (i)   suc h   expenses have   been approved   in   advance   by   NABUFI T ;   and   (ii)   valid   receipts   and/or other documentary   pro of   as   reasonably   required by   NABUFIT   are   supplied. All travel to   be Bus i ness   Class   an d   accomm o dation i o   be   five   star standard .   
   
 3.6   MF   shall   procure   t hat   Talent sha ll :   
   
 (a)   observe   the highest   standards   of beha vi our generally ;   
   
 ( b }   promote  NABUFIT   in   a   favourable   manner   as   reasonable  for   an   Ambassador   agreemen : t and   
   
 (b)   not   commit any   act   or become involved   in   a   s i tuation whi ch ,   i n   the   reasonable opinion   of   and as reasonab ly   demo nst rate d   by NABUFIT :   
 i.   brings himself   and /or   NABUFIT   into   serious disrepute or   shocks   or   offends the pub li c in an y   way :   a nd   
 ii.   se riou sly deva lu es   the   righ ts   granted to NABUFIT   h ereunder .   
   
 3 
   
 
   
   
   
 3.7  Without prejudice to clause 4.1 below, MF agrees that all copyright and other intellectual property rights, including performance rights, created as a result of any Personal Appearances (including photographs, videos, and any other audio-visual and audio recordings of Personal Appearances) (the "New Rights'') shall, as between MF and NABUFIT, belong to NABUFIT. NABUFIT agrees to provide MF with a copy of each of the free content from the NABUFIT platforms relating to Talent created hereunder (in the best available format) and grants to MF a royalty free licence in perpetuity to use, reproduce, edit and exploit in any whatsoever (and sub-license} the Materials as it sees fit, for use, by way of example but without limitation, in programmes, films, and/or documentaries about or featuring Talent, or for displaying or streaming on Talent's official website and/or on Talent's social media.   
   
 3.8   MF assigns absolutely to NABUFJT by   way of past,   present and   future   assignment all   its   title   and   interest   in   and   to   New Rights and   i n   addition shall ,   upon the   reasonable request of, and  at the expense of ,   NABUFIT .   do all such   other   acts   that   are necessary to   vest   ownership   of   the New Rights   in NABUFIT during the Term   and shall   procure   that   MF   waives and   undertakes   not   to   assert any so-called   " moral   rights "   to   the same. This clause   3.8   shall   continue in full force   and effect   following   expiry   or   termination   of   this   Agreement ,   however   caused.   
   
 3.9   MF   hereby   agrees   that   NABUFIT shall be   entitled   to   use   and   exploit   the   New   Rights during the Term at no further cost   to   NABUFIT .   However ,   if   any such   use   and/or exploitation   involve using   Talent's Image   in   a manner that,   under   applicable   laws ,   requires   the   permission of   MF then   NABUFIT may only   do   so pursuant   to clause 4   below.   
   
 3.10   All activities   required during   the   Personal Appearances   under Clause   3 to be   approved   in advance   by the Agent ,   which shall   not be unreasonably withheld ,   delayed or   conditioned.   
   
 3.11   As   between   the parties ,   MF   is the   sole   licensee and controller   of the Talent's   Image   and   NAFU B IT shall not use Talent's   Image   save   where   expressly permitted   to   do so by   this   Agreement or   otherwise in   writing by   MR or Agent.   Furthermore,   NAFUBIT   shall use its   reasonable   endeavours to ass i st   MF   and Talent   in protecting the   Talent's   lmage generally   and   shall   not   do   or   cause or   permit anything   to   be   done which   may endanger   the   Talent ' s   Image,   or the title   thereto of MF   and/or Talent   
   
 4.   T a l e nt's Ima ge   
   
 4.1   MF hereby   grants   to NABUFIT for the duration of   the   Term the   revocable and non   transferable   right and   licence to use Talent's   I mage in the   Territory   for   the Purpose   in   the   following   ways :   
   
 (a)   on NABUFIT website   and   social medias ;   and   
 {b) in   sales material ,   brochures ,   in   store   material ,   PR, Press   Ads   and Print Ads. 
   
 4.2   If   NABUFIT   wishes   at any time   during the Term to create   a   logo ,   trademark ,   trademarks, or trade name   in   any   part of the Territory   i ncorporating Talent's Image or any part(s )   thereof   ( "the   M a rks").   NABUFIT   shall   first obtain the pr i or written consent of   MF   (to be   granted   or not   at MF ' s absolute discretion and ,   if   so granted ,   MF shall apply for   registrations at   NABUFIT's   sole  cost   and   expense  and   in  MF ' s name ,   any   and  all documents   which   are reasonably   
 believed   by NABUFIT   to   be   necessary and / or desirable for the   successful registration and protection   of   any such Marks , 
   
 4.3   Upon   registration   of the Marks ,   if requested by NABUFIT ,   MF   agrees to   grant NABUFIT   an exclusive   licence for use   of   the Marks during the Term   throughout the Territory   in connection   with the Purpose .   which licence shall   be   co - extensive and coterminous with   the   rights   granted   pursuant to   this Agreement. Such   a licence   shall not   require any increase in the fees   payable   by NABUFIT to MF under   this Agreement.    
 4 
   
 
 NABUFIT   acknowledges  and   agrees   that   under this   Agreement   t t   shall   acquire   no interest whatsoever in MF ' s   intellectual   property rights.   MF   also acknowledges and agrees   that under this   Agreement   it   shall acquire no   interest   whatsoever   in   NABUFIT's   intellectual   property   r ights. 
   
 4.4   NABUFIT   recognise   the   value of Talent's Image   and ,   in order to   ensure   that   this   is   protected   for   the   future   benefit of MF ,   NABUFIT agree that   any   and all   use of the   Talent's   Image   under this Agreement   shall only   be   with the   prior   written   agreement   of   the   Agent ,   which shall not be unreasonably withheld ,   delayed   or conditioned .   
   
   
 4.5   NAFUBIT shall provide Agent   with   advance   copy / samples   of   all proposed   promotional. Mark e ting   an d   advertising   materials.   any   story board   ( and   following   completion   of   any   filming ,   any creative execution or edit   thereof) .   proposals for   any   content for   social   media posts   by email   to r.simms@pacesportsmanagement.com   prior   to   publication for their prior   written   app rova l   which shall be exercised   reasonably.   
   
   
 5.   Financial provisions   
   
 5.1   MF   shall   receive one per cent   (1%)   of the gross income   received   from   any   a nd   all subscribers and/or members   to the   NABUFIT   platforms minus default costs   (" Royalty ").   Default   cos ts   meaning th ere   ,s a 30% default   cost to App Store   .   NABUFIT guarantees that   MF shall   receive   a minimum   R oyalty of two hundred and fifty thousand dollars   ($2 50 ,0 00)   for the   Term as   follows :   
   
 $   50,000   for contract Year 1   
 $ 100,000   for contract Year 2 
 $   100,000   for contract Year 3 
   
 (Minimum Guarantee): 
   
 5.2   The   M i nimum Guarantee   for   Contract   Year   1   shall be paid in four   i nstallments   ,   50% within 10 days of   signature of   this   Agreement   and the balance paid   in   three   equal   installments   at the   end of   Q2 ,   Q3 and Q4 as defined   in   clause 5.3   below.   The   Minimum   Guarantee   for   Contract   Years   2   and   3 shall   be   payable   by way of four equal quarterly   in stallments   in   accordance   with clause   5 . 3 below   
   
 5.3   Unless otherwise provided,   Royalt ies   and/or Minimum   Guarantees   payable under this Agr ee ment shall be paid within   10   days of the end of each   quarter   period   as   follows:   
 Q1 -  1st November- 31'1 January 
 Q2 - 1 st  February - 30th April 
 Q3 -  1 st  May- 31st July 
 Q4  -  1 st  August -  31st October 
   
 5.4   At the end of   each quarter   period NABUFIT shalt submit   a   Royalty   statement   to MF   setting   out the   number   of   new subscriptions and   a breakdown of   the default   costs and the calculation   of the Royalty due   to MF.   
   
 5.5   All Royalties and   other   sums   payable under   this   Agreement shall   be   paid free and clear of an ded u ctions   and   withholdings unless   the   deduct i on or withholding is required by law. If   any   deduction   or   withholding is required by   law   NABUFtT shall pay to MF such sum as will ,   after   the deduction or withholding has been made ,   leave   MF with the   same amount   as it  would  have been   entitled   to receive in the absence   of   any such requir e ment to make a deduction or withholding .   
   
 5.6   In the   event   of any d e lay   in   paying any sum due under this Agreement by the due date NABUFIT shall pay to MF interest   (calcul ated   on a   daily   basis) on the ove r due payment from the date such payment w as   due   to   the date of actual payment   at   a   rate   of 3% over the base   len d ing   rate   of   Barclays   Ba nk   P lc .   from   time to   time .   
   
 5.7   NAFU B I T   permits the   duly   appointed representatives of  MF   at   their  own   co st   and  on  reaso nab le notice on dates and times to be mutually agreed   in   good  faith and  in any   event   no more   often than   twice per year to   inspect   all  such accounts   and   records  of NAFUBIT  and   to   tak e   copies   of   them. ln    
 5 
   
 
 the   event  that any such   inspecti on   reveals   an y   underp a yment to MF, then   such   underpaid   amount shall be   repaid   imme diately   to MF by NA F U B II  -together . with   inter   est   from the date payment   was   due on the   unde rpaid amount   at 3%   per   year   above   the   Barclays Bank   Pie. base lending rate from   time to time ,   and ,   if   such  underpayment   i s   5% or greater of the relevant   amount   which should   have   been paid, then NAFUBIT sh a ll immediately reimburse  to  MF, whichever  party   is   applicable ,   the reasonable  costs of  such inspection . 
   
 6.   Warr a nty a n d   in d emnity   
   
 6.1   The Parties   each warrant that they are   free   to enter   into   this Agreement and   that   the rights granted under this   Agreement   will not infringe   upon   the rights of any third   party .   
   
 6.2   MF  warrants   ,   represents   and   undertakes that it has full right to:   (i}   enter   i nto   this   Agreement and to g iv e effect to each   of   i ts   terms;   (ii )   grant   !he   r igh ts   to   NABUFIT and give   the   warranties and   indemnities contained in   th i s   Agreement ;   and   (iii)   perform   (and   procure the   performance   by   Talent   of) the   Personal Appearances   and other obligations under   this   Agreement.   
   
 6.3   NABUF!T   warrants ,   represents and   undertakes that   
   
 (a)   it   shall on ly   use Talent   Image strictly   in   relation to the NABUFIT brand   and   in   accordance   with the terms of this Agreement.   
 (b)   NABUFIT   sha ll   ensure   that wherever   it   wishes   to use   Talent ' s   Im age , it   will comply with   a ll   IAAF   and   Olympic rules ,   regulations and / or guidelines in force from time   to t im e   ( includ in g,   without limitation .   the Olympic Charter   and   the   ru les ,   regulations   and / or   guidelines of the International Olympic Committee   ( " IO C " )).   Any obligations   Ta l ent or   MF owes   or   may in the future owe to any competition organizer or competition   promoter   relating to the use of   Ta l ent   Im age ,   and   Talent's   or   MF ' s observance of   the   same to the   extent   so required shall notbe considered by NABUFIT to be a   breach   of  this   Agreement.   
 (c)   NABUFIT shall respect MF's   Ex isting   Endorsement Agreements   and acknowledges that Talent   is   obliged   to exclus ive l y   wear clothing of Nike   during   his provision of services   hereunder and at a ll   other   times .   
 (d)   Any and all   promotional, marketing and   adve rt isi ng   materials shall comply with   all applicable   laws and   reg ulation s   of governmental or other competent authorities in the   Terr i tory   from time   to t ime   and   shall   not infringe   any third party ' s   rights.   
   
 6.4   MF   and   T alent   shall   i ndem nify   and   keep   NABUFIT indemnified from and   agai n st   any   and all   lo sses ,   damages ,   liabilities ,   pena lties ,   fines   and expenses   (including   reasonable legal   f ees )   resulting   fr om or arising   out of   an y   claims   or   actions   r esulting d i rectly   or indirectly   from :   
   
 The use by NABUFIT of Talent ' s   Image strictly in   ac cord a nce   with   this   Agreement   PROV I DED   THAT :   if   any third party   m a kes a claim, or   notifies an   int e n t ion   to make   a   claim ,   against NABUFIT   i n   this regard   and   which   may   re asonab ly   be considered   likely   to give rise to a liability   under   this   i ndemn ity ( a  Claim ),   NABUFIT shall   g ive   MF the   optio n   to   t ake   over the   co ndu ct   of the Claim and   t o   take such action as MF may   d ec id e   to   a void,   dispute ,   compromise   or   defend the Claim ;   and the foregoing   in demn ity shall   appl y   only to  sums suffered by   NABUF   IT   pursuant   to   the   fin a l ord e r   o f   judgement of   a   court   o r   tri bunal   of competent   j urisd ic t io n   or   to a   settlement either settled by   MF  or   reached  with   Mf's   prior written   consen t. 
   
 6.5   Clause 6.4   sha ll   survive   exp i ry   or earlier   termination of   this Agreement.   
   
   
 7.   Termin at i on   
   
 7.1   MF   sha   ll h ave   the   right   t o te rm ina te   this Agreement   imm ed i atel y   by notice in writing to NABUFIT in the event that   
   
 (a)   is in   breach of any   o f   the   warranties   i n   Claus   e   6 . 3 ;   or   
 6 
   
 
   
 (b)   Comm   i ts a mater i al brea ch   of any of   its obli gat ion s u n der   this agreement   wh i ch breach is not   capable   of   remedy; or   
   
 (c)   NABUFIT fails   t o   perform   or   observe   an y material oblig at i on   on it s   part to   b e   performed   or   observed   under   this Agreement   and does   not remedy such breach   (if   the same is capable   of   remedy)   within   1 5 days   of rec e ipt of   written   n oti ce requiring it   to do so.   
   
 7.2   NA B U F IT sh a ll have the right to terminate this Agreement immediat e ly by notice in writing to MF in the ev e nt   t hat:   
   
 {a}   Talent   i s   unwilling   or   unable, beyond   i ts reasonable   control.   to make Per s onal App e aranc e s purs u ant to   clause   3.1 during a Contract Year ; 
   
 (b)   Tal en t is convicted of any criminal offence   (other   than a road  traffic  off e nce pu n i s h a ble by a non - custodial sentence },   including   any offence   involving   the use or di s tri b ution of drugs o r   any other prohibited subst a nce ; 
   
 {c) MF   b ecomes   insolvent   such that MF enters   into liquidation   whether   compulsory   or vol un tary   (other   th a n for the purpose of amalgamation or   reconstruction)   or  MF makes or proposes to make an arrangement or composition with th e ir cr e ditors or makes  an  application   to   a  Court   of   compet e nt   j urisdiction  for  protection  from   its 
 creditors   or  if MF  shall have any   distress   or  execution levied upon   its . assets; 
   
 (d)   MF fails to perform   or observe   (or   fails   to   procure   the performance or observance of} any material   obligation   on   iis part   to be   performed   or observed und e r this Agr e ement and does   not   remedy such breach   (i f the same   is   capable of remedy )   within   15 days of receipt of written notice   requiring   him to do so ;   
   
 (e)   Talent dies or   is   permanently   i ncapacitated .   
   
   
 8.   Consequences o f   te r m i nation   
   
 8.1   Expiry or   termination   of this Agreement sha ll   not:   (i)   release the   Parties from any liability or   right   of action  or   claim   whicn at the   time   of such expiry or   termination   has already accrued or   may   accrue to either   P arty in respect of any act or omission prior to such  expiry  or termination ;   or   (ii)   affect the   coming   i nto force   or   the continuance   in   force   of   any provision of this Agreem e nt which   i s expre s sly or by   implication intended   to   come   into or continue   in force   on or after   s uch expiry o r   termination ,   including for the   avoidance of   doubt clauses:   3.7 ,   3.8, 3.9 , 3.10 ,   6.3,   8 ,   9  and   11.   
   
 8.2   Upon expiry   or   earlier termination   of   th i s Agreement   for   any   reason,   all r i ghts and   licenses   granted to NABUFIT   under this   Agreement shall   cease   and   determine   and NA B UFIT shall discontinue any and all   use   of Talent's   Image.   
   
 8.3   NA B UFIT shall pay and account   for   any Roya lties   due   up   to the   date of expiry   or   termination .   
   
   
 9.   C o n f i dent i a lit y a n d an n ouncement s   
   
 9.1   Both Parties   undertake   to each other that they shall treat as   confiden t ial and   shall not disclose   to   any person : (i}   the contents   (including the financial   details) of this Agreement; and   (ii)   all   
 informa t ion   r el a ting   in   any manner to the   business   and / or affairs of which may be communicated to or acquired by   i t   under or   i n   connection   with this Agreement, 
   
 9.2  Both Parties undertake to each other that they may disclose (i) information which is within the public domain; and (ii) confidential information to the minimum extent required by a ny    
 7 
   
 
order of any court of competent jurisdiction or any competent judicial, governmental or regulatory body (including any taxation authority). 
   
 9.3   No Party may make or release statements   or   other announcements   in   relation to this Agreement to the press   or   other media unless such   statements   or announcements have been approved by the other Party ,   such approval   not to   be unreasonably   withheld,   delayed or   conditioned .   
   
   
 10.   Li m i tatio n   o f Li ab ili ty   
   
 10.1   The parties agree that   under   no circumstances shall a party be   liable   to any other party under this Agreement   for loss   of profits .   business ,   contracts ,   anticipated  savings,  wasted expendi t ure   ,   goodwill.   or revenue or any type of   special ,   indirect   or   consequential   loss   wh at soeverand hOwsoever arising   out   of   or   i n connection with   the performance   of   a party ' s   obligations under this   Agreement   or   any   breach thereof ;   
   
 10.2   The maximum aggregate   liability of MF   and/or   Talent   to NABUFJT   in   contract   ,   tort or otherwise   (including   any   liability for   any negligent act or omission)   for damages   awarded pursuant to a claim relating to this   Agreement ,   wh i ch   are not   otherwise limited   or excluded   under   this Agreement ,   howsoever   arising shall   be limited   to the fee payable .   
   
 10.3   Nothing   in   this Agreement shall exclude   or restrict   either party's   l iability   for   (I }   fraud or   fraudulent   misrepresentation ,   dishonesty or   ( ii )   any   breach   of clauses 6 . 3   {b ).   (c )   and   {d) ;     and   
 ( iii)   for death or Personal   injury   resulting   from the   negligence of that   party or   of   its   employees 
 while acting in the course of their employment 
   
 11.   Notices   
   
 11.1   All notices   to be given under   this Agreement shall   be   in writing in   English and sent by   recorded delivery   mall   or courier   to the address ( es) set   out   at the   head   of this Agreement   (or   to such other address { es) as   the   Party   concerned   shall   from   time   to   time designate by notice   p u rsuant hereto } ,   
   
 11. 2   Any   such notice   shall   be  deemed   given   at   the time  when a representative   of  the recipient Party signs to   confirm receipt of the re l evant delivery by recorded   delivery   mail   or courier (as the   case may be ) .   
   
   
 12.   General   
   
 Assignability 
   
 12.1   MF   shall   not w i thout the prior   conse n t   i n writi n g of NABUFIT   ( to be   given   or w i thheld   in   NABUFIT's absolute discretion) assign,   novate ,   charge ,   sub- i lcence   and / or sub-contract this Agreement or any of   its   obligations   under   this   Agreement.   
   
 12.2   NABUFIT shall   not without   the   prior consent in writing   of   MF   ( to be   given or   withheld in MF ' s absolute discretion assign)   novate ,   charge ,   sub- li cence and / or sub-contract this Agreement or   any of   its obligations   under this Agreement.   
   
 Severability 
   
 12.3   The   illegality or   invalidity   of any part   of   th i s Agreement   shall   not   affect   the legality   or   validity of the   remainder   of this   Agreement .   
   
 Preservation of rights 
   
 12.4  No relaxation, forbearance, delay or indulgence by any Party in enforcing any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement or the granting of time by any Party to    
 8 
   
 
the other shall prejudice affect or restrict the rights and powers of any Party under this Agreement, nor shall any waiver by any Party of any breach of this Agreement operate as a  waiver of or in relation to any subsequent or any continuing breach of this Agreement. 
   
 Relationsh i p   of   the Parties 
   
 12.5   Nothing in or   aris i ng   out of this Agreement   i s   t o be   taken as constituting a partnership   or   agency   between the   Part i es and no Party shall   h a v e   the   right or authority to   bind   or   commit   the   other   in   any   manne r   or   for   any   purposes whatsoever .   
   
 12.6   Nothing   contained   i n this   Agreement shall   be construed as   establishing an employer­   employee   relationship between NABUFIT   and MF .   
   
 Further   assurance 
   
 12.7   MF   shall   free of charge do ,   execute and   perform   such   further deeds ,   documents ,   assurances ,   acts   and   things   as   may   be   required   to   give full   l egal and practical   effect   to   the   terms ,   intent and   purposes   of this   Agreement.   Without prejudice to   the   foregoing, the   Parties   shall,   and   shall use   all reasonable endeavours   respectively to procure that   any   necessary   third   party shall.   do ,   execute and   perform such   fu rther   deeds, documents, assurances.   acts and things   as   may   be requ1red to give full   l ega l   and practical effect to the   term s ,   intent and   purposes   of this Agreement.   
   
 Entire agreement 
   
 12.8   This Agreement   represents   the   entire   understanding between the   Parties   in   relation   to   the subject matter hereof   and shall   cance l   and supersede all prior negotiations ,   understand in gs and agreements .   whether oral or written .   This Agreement may only be modified if such modification   i s in   writing   and   signed by or by a duly authorised   representative   of each   Party.   
   
 Prior representations 
   
 12.9   Each   Party   unconditionally waives any   rights   it may   have   to damages or to rescind this   Agreement   on the basis of any statement or representation made by or  on   i ts behalf prior to the date of   this Ag reement   and which is   not   the subject of any warranty or   undertaking   i n   this Agreement unless such   statement   or representation was made fraudulently .   
   
 Third   party   rights 
   
 12.10   Except where expressly provided   under   this Agreemen . t a person who is not a   Party   to this Agreement has no rights torety upon or enforce any   term   of this Agreement.   
   
 Governing law   and   jurisdiction 
   
 12.11   This   Agreement sha ll   be governed by and   construed   and   int erpreted   in   accordance with the   law s   of   England   and Wales   and   the   Part i es submit to the   e xclu sive   jurisdiction of the English courts .   
   
 12.12   Definitions and   Inter pretation   
   
 In this Agreement the capitalised   terms   used   i n this Agreement shall have the meanings given to them below and the following expressions shall ,   unless   the context   otherwise requi res ,   have the following meanings: 
   
   
 9 
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 "Commencement Date" 
 
 Means 1 st  of November 2016, notwithstanding the date this Agreement is executed. 
 
   
 
   
 
 "Contract Year" 
 
Means each successive period of twelve months during the Term (or part thereof if this Agreement is terminated by either Party in accordance with its terms), with the first Contrac t Year commencing on the Commencement Date. 
 
   
 
   
 
 "Existing Endorsement Agreement" 
 
 means Nike 
 
   
 
   
 
 " MF" 
 
 means Mo Farah Inc. 
 
   
 
   
 
 "Tale nt " 
 
 means Mo Farah. 
 
   
 
   
 
 "MF's Image " 
 
 means the   name ,   nicknames ,   likeness, image ,   photograph .   slgnature .   lnitials ,   statements ,   facsimile .   reputation ,   voice ,   film (includfng computer   generated   or animated portrayai) ,   and   other personal   characteristics   and   identification   of MF and any  and   an intellectual   property   rights in   the  same  wh e ther   now known or hereafter   invented .   in   each   case whether register e d   or   unregi s te r ed and including   applications  for registration . 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 " Pe r sona l   Appea r anc e " 
 
 means a personal   appea r ance by   MF . 
 
   
 
   
 
 "   Purpose " 
 
 means the promotion of NABUFIT, and/or any of their respective brands, products or services. 
 
 ·· Te r m " 
 
 means t h e period   commencing   on the   Commencement   Date and ending on 31 51   of   October 2019 ;   (three   year per i od) . 
 
   
 
   
 
 " T e rri tory " 
 
 Worldw i de. 
 
   
 
   
 
 " VAT " 
 
 means Dan i sh   value   added tax   or   equ i valent. 
 
   
   
   
 Any   reference to   the   singular   includes the p l ural   and vice   versa   and any reference to one   gend e r includ e s all genders. 
   
 Any   reference to a   person   i ncludes natural persons   and   partnerships. firms   and   such other unincorporated   bodies and companies and   corporate   bodies and all   other legal pe r so n s of   what e ver kind   and   however   constituted . 
   
 Headings   are   for ease   of   reference only   and   are not to   be taken   into   account   in   construing   this   Agreement. 
   
 Ref e rences to   " include "   or   " including •   shall be construed without lim i tation . 
   
 Reference to   " day · s    means working days unless specified to   be   otherwise 
   
   
   
 10 
   
 
   
   
 IN WIT NESS   whe r eof this Agreement has been signed on the day and year first above   written. 
   
   
 11 
   
 
