 htm 45520 Material contracts 10 2017-03-30T16:32:52.392145-05:00 Filing 0001437749-17-005637 2017-03-30 10-K Annual  & Quarterly Reports 0001461640 HomeTown Bankshares Corp HMTA HMTAP COMMON STOCK OTC 6022 State Commercial Banks No VIRGINIA VIRGINIA VIRGINIA false Small Reporting Company 001-37910 EXHIBIT 10.10 Exhibit Exhibit 2 ex10-10.htm EX-10.10 2 ex10-10.htm EXHIBIT 10.10 
 Exhibit 10.10 
   
   
 H OME T OWN   B ANK 
 " S UPPLEMENTAL   E XECUTIVE   R ETIREMENT   P LAN " 
   
   
 P ARTICIPATION   A GREEMENT 
   
 F or 
 Va n c e   W.   A dkins 
   
 THIS  AGREEMENT is entered into by and between the undersigned Vance W .  Adkins (the "Participant") and HomeTown Bank (the "Plan Sponsor"). The Plan Sponsor and Participant hereby agree, for good and valuable consideration, the value of which is hereby acknowledged, that Participant shall become a Participant in the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the "Plan") with an effective date of October 1 ,   2013 and as the same may hereafter be modified or amended .  The Participant does hereby acknowledge that he has been provided with a copy of the Plan as currently in effect and agrees to the terms and conditions thereof. In consideration of  his designation as a Participant ,   the undersigned hereby agrees to the following terms and conditions: 
   
 1.      I agree to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of the Plan ,   this Participation Agreement ,   and to perform any and all acts required by me thereunder and hereunder .  Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Plan. 
   
 2.      I have the right to designate the Beneficiary or Beneficiaries, and thereafter to change the Beneficiary or Beneficiaries, of any survivor benefit payable under the Plan ,   by completing and delivering to the Plan Administrator a Beneficiary Designation Form. 
   
 3.      I understand that my Plan benefits are subject to the claims of the Plan Sponsor's creditors should the Plan Sponsor become bankrupt or insolvent . 
   
 4.      I understand that my participation in the Plan can have tax and financial consequences for me and my beneficiaries, and acknowledge that I have had the opportunity to consul t with my own tax ,   financial and legal advisors before deciding to participate in the Plan . 
   
 5 .       I understand that "Normal Retirement Age" shall be the date I attain age sixty -seven (67). I further understand that my Normal Retirement Date shall be the later of: (a) my Normal Retirement Age, or (b) the date I Separate from Service. 
   
 6 .        I understand that the following benefits are being provided to me and/or my Beneficiaries under the terms of the Plan: 
   
   ☐ 
 A Normal Retirement Benefit of 2 0 % of final average 5 years base salary ,  paid for lifetime, guaranteed. The benefit will be paid in equal monthly installments beginning the first day of the month following attained Normal Retirement Age 67 .  (subject to paragraph 9 below if I am determined by the plan administrator to be a Specified Employee). 
 
   
   ☐ 
 An Incentive Benefit of up to an additional 2 0 % final average 5 years base salary ,   paid for lifetime, guaranteed .   The incentive payment amount ,   if any ,   is determined by the provisions in the incentive formula described in  E x h i b it   A  of this Participation Agreement .   The formula is based on performance objectives on Return on Equity of the Bank .   The Incentive Benefit will be earned in equal increments over the 32 year period from 2016 to 2 0 47 based upon achieving the annual performance objectives described in  E x h i b it   A .   As each objective is achieved ,   one -thirty second (1/32) of the Incentive Benefit will be earned. The benefit amount will be paid in equal monthly installments beginning the first day of the month following attained retirement age 67. (subject to paragraph 9 below if I am determined by the plan administrator to be a Specified Employee). The Normal Retirement Benefit and the Incentive Retiremen t Benefit are hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Retirement Benefit." 
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
   ☐ 
 If My Death Occurs Prior to My Normal Retirement Age ,   regardless of the employment status of the Participant ,   the same formula shall apply , and my named beneficiary shall be entitled to  1 8 0 monthly Retirement Benefit payments, and they shall be paid to my named beneficiary in  1 8 0   equal monthly installments beginning the first day of the third month following my death. 
 
   
   ☐ 
If My Death Occurs After Commencement of Retirement Benefit Payments but prior to my receiving at least 18 0   such payments due and owing hereunder ,  the unpaid balance of the payments shall continue to be paid to my Beneficiary for the remainder of the certain payout period of 18 0   months. 
 
   
   ☐ 
If I Become Disabled (as defined in the Plan) prior to the commencement of Retirement Benefits hereunder I shall be paid my vested Retirement Benefit in approximately equal monthly installments for lifetime with payments commencing at my otherwise Normal Retirement Age 67. If my death occurs after commencement of Retirement Benefit payments hereunder but pri or to my receiving at least 18 0  such payments due and owing hereunder, the unpaid balance of the payments shall continue to be paid to my Beneficiary for the remainder of the certain payout period of 18 0 months. 
 
   
   ☐ 
 If I Separate from Service (as defined in the Plan) prior to my Normal Retirement Date voluntarily ,  I shall be paid my vested Retirement Benefit in approximately equal monthly installments for lifetime with payments commencing at my otherwise Normal Retirement Age 67 . 
 
   
   ☐ 
If a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan) event occurs prior to the commencement of Retirement Benefits hereunder I shall be paid my vested Retirement Benefit in approximately equal monthly installments for lifetime with payments commencing at my otherwise Normal Retirement Age 67 .   However ,   notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein ,   if I am terminated or leave voluntarily within twenty -four months after the Change of Control, payments shall commence the first day of the third month after Separation from Service. 
 
   
 7.         I understand that I shall become vested in my Retirement Benefit (including both the Normal  R etirement Benefit and the Incentive Retirement Benefit) based on the following table:  
   
   
 Yea rs of Plan Participation Percent   Percent V ested   I mmediate     20.00 % Attained Age 40     40.00 % Attained Age 50     60.00 % Attained Age 60     80.00 % Attained Age 67     100.00 % 
   
 8 .          I understand that my vesting will be accelerated following the occurrence of the following events:  
   
 S pecified Event     Percent  V ested   Attaining a Specified Age of  (67)     100.00 % Change in Control     100.00 % D eath while remaining employed with Plan Sponsor     100.00 % D isability   70 .00 % or Retirement Benefit Amount vested if greater .   
     
 
   
 
   
 
   
            
 9 .    I understand that my "Benefit Eligibility Date" shall be defined as the  l a t er   o f :  (i) the first day of the month following the month in which I reach my Normal Retirement Age 67 ,   or (ii) the first day following the month in which I Separate from Service with the Plan Sponsor . Notwithstanding the  as  defined in the Plan , the first six (6) months benefit payments (if payments are scheduled to be  ma de in installments) shall be delayed ,   aggregated ,  and paid commencing on the first day of the seventh month following my Separation from Service, after which all installment payments shall be made on their regular schedule. Notwit hstanding anything to the contrary herein ,   in the event of disability ,  the Benefit Eligibility Date shall be the first day of the month following the month in which I reach my Normal Retirement Age. In the event of a Change in Control the Benefit Elig ibility Date shall be the first day of the third month following my Normal Retirement Date. However ,   if I am terminated or leave voluntarily within twenty-four (24) months after the Change of Control, payments shall commence the first day of the third month after Separation of Service. 
   
 10 .   I understand that the Plan ,   this Participation Agreement ,   and any accompanying forms shall be interpreted in accordance with ,   and incorporate the terms and conditions required by Section 4 0 9A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 ,  as amended (together with any Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder ,   including ,   without limitation ,   any such regulations or other guidance that may be issued after the date hereof ,   "Section 4 0 9A"). I further understand that the Plan Administrator (as defined in the Plan Agreement) may ,   in its discretion ,  adopt such amendments to the Plan and any accompanying forms or adopt other policies and procedures (including amendments, policies and procedures with retroactive effect), or take any other actions, as the Plan Administrator determines are necessary or appropriate to comply with the requirements of Section 409A .   Finally ,  I understand that the time or form of distributions that I may be allowed to elect (if any) may not be accelerated except as otherwise permitted by Section 4 0 9A . 
   
   
   
 A GREED AND ACCEPTED BY THE PARTICIPANT 
   
 /S/ Vance W. Adkins                                                   09/20/2016 
   
                 (Signature of Participant)                                       (Date) 
   
 A GREED AND ACCEPTED BY THE PLAN SPONSOR 
   
   /S/ George B. Cartledge, Jr.                                                  09/20/2016 
   
      George B Cartledge, Jr., Chairman                                   (Date) 
   
   
   
   
