 htm 42041 Material contracts 10 2017-03-28T05:32:34.869994-05:00 Filing 0001513965-17-000059 2017-03-28 10-K Annual  & Quarterly Reports 0001513965 American Midstream Partners, LP AMID COM UNITS REP LTS PTN NYSE 4922 Natural Gas Transmission No TEXAS DELAWARE DELAWARE false Accelerated Filer 001-35257 EXHIBIT 10.60 Exhibit Exhibit 4 exhibit1060reginagregory-l.htm EX-10.60 4 exhibit1060reginagregory-l.htm EXHIBIT 10.60 
 
 
 EXHIBIT 10.60 
 
 
 American Midstream GP, LLC Long-Term Incentive Plan Grant of Phantom Units 
 Grantee:   Regina Gregory 
 Grant Date:   September 8, 2016 
 
 
 1. 
 
 Grant of Phantom Units .   American Midstream GP, LLC (the   " Company"),   general partner of American Midstream Partners, LP (the   " Partnership ")  hereby grants to you, Regina Gregory, 45,000 Phantom Units under the American Midstream GP, LLC Long­ Term Incentive Plan (the " Plan") on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference as a part of this Agreement ("Agreement" or "Grant Agreement"). In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the Plan, the Plan shall control. Capitalized terms used in this Agreement but not defined herein shall have the meaning s ascribed to such terms in the Plan, unless the context requires otherwise. 
 
 
 
 2. 
 
 Vesting .  Except as otherwise provided in Paragraph 3 below, the Phantom Units granted hereunder shall vest on the dates as described below: 
 
 
 
 
 
 Vesting Dates 
 
   
 
 Number of Units Vesting 
 
 prior to 9/08/2016 
 
   
 
 - 
 
 on 9/08/2017 
 
   
 
 11,250 
 
 on 9/08/2018 
 
   
 
 11,250 
 
 on 9/08/2019 
 
   
 
 11,250 
 
 on 9/08/2020 
 
   
 
 11,250 
 
 
 
 
 
 3. 
 
 Events Occurring Prior to Full Vesting. 
 
 
 
 (a) 
 
 Death or Disability .  If your employment with the Company terminates as a result of your death or Total and Permanent Disability, the unvested Phantom Units then held by you automatically will become fully vested upon such termination. For purposes of this Agreement, your "Total and Permanent Disability" means that you are qualified for long-term disability benefits under the Company's long-term disability plan or insurance policy; or, if no such plan or policy is then in existence or you are not eligible to participate in such plan or policy, that you, because of a physical or mental condition resulting from bodily injury, disease, or mental disorder, are unable to perform your duties of employment for a period of six (6) continuou s months, as determined in good faith by the Committee. 
 
 
 
 (b) 
 
 Other Terminations .  If your employment with the Company terminates for any reason other than as provided in Paragraph 3(a) above, all unvested Phantom Units then held by you automatically shall be for feited without payment upon such termination. F o r purposes of this Paragraph 3, you will not be deemed to have terminated emp l oyment for so long as you maintain continuous status as an Employee or a Director of th e   Company or any Affiliate. 
 
 
 
 4. 
 
 Payment.   If   vesting of a Phantom Unit shall occur pursuant to Paragraph 2 or 3(a ), above, then as soon as administratively practicable after the vesting of such Phantom Unit, but not later than seven days thereafter, you shall be paid a lump sum payment in Unit s equal to   the number of vested Phantom Units. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, direct that payment be made to you   i n   th e form of cash (in lieu of units) for each vested Phantom Uni t. 
 
 
 
 5. 
 
 Limitations Upon Transfer.   All rights under this Agreement shall belong to you alone and may not be transferred,   assigned, pledged, or hypothecated by you in any way(whether by operation of law or otherwise), other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution and shall not be subject t o execution, attachment, or similar process. Upon any attempt by you to transfer, assign,   pledge,  hypothecate, or otherwise dispose of such rights contrary to the provisions in this Agreement or the Plan, or upon the levy of any attachment or similar process upon such rights, s uch rights shall immediately become null and void. 
 
 
 
 6. 
 
 Restrictions .   By accepting this grant, you agree that any Units that you may acq u ire   u pon payment of this Award will not be sold or otherwise disposed of in any manner that would co n stitute a violation of any applicable federal or state 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EXHIBIT 10.60 
 
 
securities laws. You also agree that (i) any certificates representing the Units acquired under this Award may bear such legend or legends as the Committee deems appropriate in order to assure compliance with applicable securities laws and any restrictions set forth in this Agreement, (ii) the Company may refuse to register the transfer of the Un i ts to be acquired under this Award on the transfer   records   of the Partnership if such proposed transfer would   i n t h e opinion of counsel satisfactory   t o the Pa rt nership constitute a violat i o n   of any applicable securiti e s law, and (iii) the Partnership may give related instructions to   its   transfer agent, if   an y, to stop registration of t h e transfer of the Units to be acquired under this Award. 
 
 
 7. 
 
 Withholding of Taxes.   To the extent that   the   gran t,   ves ti ng or payment of a Phantom Un i t results in the   r eceipt of compensa ti on by you with respect   to   which the Company or an Affiliate has a tax withholding obligation pursuant   t o app l icable law, unless other arrangements have   been   made by you that are acceptable to the Company or such Affiliate, you shall del i ver to the Company or the Affiliate such amount of money as the Company o r   the Affiliate may require to meet its withholding obligations unde r   such applicable law.   If   you fail to do so,   the   Company is authorized to withho l d from any cash or Unit remuneration (includi n g withholding any Uni t s to be distributed to you under this Agreement) then or   t hereafter payable to yo u   any   t ax requi r ed to be w i thheld by reason of such resulting compensation income. No payment of a vested P h antom Unit shall be made pursuant to   this   Agreement until you have paid or   made arrangements approved by the Company or the Affiliate to satisfy in full the applicable tax withholding requirements of   t he Company or Affiliate with respect to such event. You may request tha t   the Committee settle in cash, rather than in Units, a portion of any vested and payab l e Phantom Units to provide for the satisfact i on of any tax w i thholding ob li gation resulting from such Phantom  Units, and the Committee will determine the approval or the Company's performance of such request on a case by case basis. 
 
 
 
 8. 
 
 Rights as Unitholder .  Phantom Units awarded under the Plan do not have voting nor consent rights. You, or your executor, administrator, heirs, or legatees shall have the right to vote and receive distributions on Units and all the other privileges of a unitholder of the Partnership only from the date of issuance of a Unit certificate in your name representing payment of a vested  Phantom Unit. 
 
 
 
 9. 
 
 Insider Trading Policy .  The terms of the Company's Insider Trading Policy with respect to Units are incorporated herein by reference. The timing of delivery of any Units pursuant to a vested Phantom Unit  shall be subject to and comply with such Policy. 
 
 
 
 10. 
 
 Binding Effect .  This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor or successors of the Company and upon any person lawfully claiming under you. 
 
 
 
 11. 
 
 Entire Agreement .  This Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire agreement of the parties with regard to the subject matter hereof, and contains all the covenants, promises, representations, warr anties and agreements between the parties with respect to the Award granted hereby. 
 
 
 
 12. 
 
 Modifications .  Except as provided below, any modification of this Agreement shall be effective only if it is in writing and signed by both you and an authorized officer of the Company. 
 
 
 
 13. 
 
 Governing Law .  This grant shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to conflicts of laws principles thereof. 
 
 
 
 
 
 AMERICAN MIDSTREAM GP, LLC 
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 By: 
 
   
 
 /s/Lynn L. Bourdon III 
 
   
 
   
 
 Lynn L. Bourdon III 
 
   
 
   
 
 President, Chairman of the Board  & Chief Executive Officer 
 
 "GRANTEE" 
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 /s/ Regina Gregory 
 
   
 
   
 
  Regina Gregory 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
