 htm 17535 Material contracts 10 2017-04-13T17:00:31.65387-05:00 Filing 0001193125-17-123414 2017-04-13 10-K Annual  & Quarterly Reports 0000884940 STEIN MART INC SMRT COM Nasdaq Global Market 5651 Family Clothing Stores No FLORIDA FLORIDA FLORIDA false Accelerated Filer 000-20052 FORM OF OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT Exhibit Exhibit 4 d262560dex109.htm EX-10.9 4 d262560dex109.htm FORM OF OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT 
 Exhibit 10.9 
 STEIN MART, INC. 
 2001 OMNIBUS PLAN 
 OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT FOR  NON-EMPLOYEE  DIRECTORS 
 THIS AGREEMENT  is made and entered into as of the date set forth on the signature page hereof by and between  STEIN MART, INC. , a Florida corporation ("Company"), and the  non-employee  director of the Company whose signature is set forth on the signature page hereof (the  "Non-Employee  Director"). 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS, the Company has adopted the Stein Mart, Inc. 2001 Omnibus Plan ("Plan"), the terms of which, to the extent not stated herein, are specifically incorporated by reference in this Ag reement; 
 WHEREAS,  the purpose of the Plan is to permit Awards under the Plan to be granted to certain  Non-Employee Directors of the Company and its Affiliates and to further specify the terms and conditions under which such individuals may receive such Awards; 
 WHEREAS,  the  Non-Employee  Director is now acting for the Company in a  non-employee director capacity and the Company desires him or her to remain in such capacity, and to secure or increase his or her ownership of Shares in order to increase his or her incentive  and personal interest in the success and growth of the Company; and 
 WHEREAS, defined terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the covenants and agreements herein set forth, the parties hereby mutually covenant and agree as follows: 
 1.     Option Grant . The Company hereby grants to the  Non-Employee Director an initial Option to purchase from the Company all or any part of Shares Granted Shares in accordance with Section 10.1(a) of the Company's 2001 Omnibus Plan at the purch ase price set forth on the signature page of this Agreement. 
 2.     Nontransferability of Option . Options granted the  Non-Employee Director under the Plan are not transferable other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. The Option may be exercised during the life of the  Non-Employee  Director only by the  Non-Employee  Director (or his/her legal representative). 
 3.     Exercise of Option . The exercise of Options granted to  Non-Employee Directors is governed in all respects by the terms of the Plan, Particularly Section 10.1(b) and Section 10.1(c). 
 
 
Except as provided herein, the Option shall be exercisable only prior to the Expiration Date, and then only as set forth in the following table: 
   
 
 Years From Grant Date 
    Cumulative Fraction 
 of Shares Optioned 
 Which Is Exercisable 
 After 3 Years 
    33% 
 After 4 Years 
    66% 
 After 5 Years 
    100% 
 4.     Beneficiary . 
(b)    (a) The person whose name appears on the signature page hereof after the caption "Beneficiary" or any successor designated by the  Non-Employee  Director in accordance herewith (the person who is the  Non-Employee Director's Beneficiary at the time of his death herein referred to as the "Beneficiary") shall be entitled to exercise any Option which has been granted, to the extent it is exerc isable, after the death of the  Non-Employee  Director. The  Non-Employee Director may from time to time revoke or change his Beneficiary without the consent of any prior Beneficiary by filing a new designation with the Committee. The last such designation received by the Committee shall be controlling; provided, however, that no designation, or change or revocation thereof, shall be effective unless received by the Committee pri or to the  Non-Employee Director's death, and in no event shall any designation be effective as of a date prior to such receipt. 
 (c)    If no such Beneficiary designation is in effect at the time of a  Non-Employee  Director's death, or if no designated Beneficiary survives the  Non-Employee  Director or if such designation conflicts with law, the  Non-Employee  Director's estate shall be entitled to exercise any Option granted prior to death of the  Non-Employee  Director, to the extent it is exercisable, after the death of the  Non-Employee Director. If the Committee is in doubt as to the right of any person to exercise the Option, the Company may refuse to recognize such exercise, without liability for any interest or dividends on the Option Stock, until the Committee determines the person entitled to exercise the Option, or the Company may apply to any court of appropriate jurisdiction and s uch application shall be a complete discharge of the liability of the Company therefor. 
 5.     No Rights As Stockholder . The  Non-Employee Director shall have no rights as a holder of the Option Stock until the issuance of a certificate for the Option Stock. 
 6.     Adjustments in Event of Change in Shares . Section 4.3 of the Plan shall govern adjustments in the event of a change in Shares. 
   
 2 
 
 
 7.     Miscellaneous. (a) This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida applicable to contracts made and to be performed therein between residents  thereof. 
(b)    This Agreement may not be amended or modified except by the written consent of the parties hereto. 
(c)    The captions of this Agreement are inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not be taken into account in construing this Agreement. 
(d)    Any notice, filing or delivery hereunder or with respect to Option Stock shall be given to the  Non-Employee Director at either his usual work location or his home address as indicated in the records of the Company, and shall be given to the Committee or the Company at 1200 Riverplace Boulevard, Jacksonville, Florida 32202, Attention Corporate Secretary. All such notices shall be given by first class mail, postage prepaid, or by personal delivery. 
This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and its successors and assigns and shall be binding upon and inure to the personal benefit of the  Non-Employee  Director, the Beneficiary and the personal representative(s) and heirs of the  Non-Employee  Director. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be executed by its duly authorized officer, and the  Non-Employee  Director has hereunto affixed his hand, all on the day and year set forth below. 
   
 
   STEIN MART, INC.   By:   
 
   
     Its:   D. Hunt Hawkins - Chief Operating Officer   
 Signed Electronically 
   Participant Name     No. of Shares of Option Stock:  Shares Granted     Purchase Price Per Share:      $Grant Price     Date of Agreement:  Acceptance Date     Grant Date:  Grant Date     Expiration Date:  Expiration Date 
 
   
 3 
