 htm 88691 Material contracts 10 2017-04-03T15:30:51.350927-05:00 Filing 0001193125-17-108506 2017-04-03 10-K Annual  & Quarterly Reports 0000912615 URBAN OUTFITTERS INC URBN COM Nasdaq Global Market 5651 Family Clothing Stores Yes PENNSYLVANIA PENNSYLVANIA PENNSYLVANIA false Large Accelerated Filer 000-22754 EX-10.7 Exhibit Exhibit 2 d286750dex107.htm EX-10.7 2 d286750dex107.htm EX-10.7 
 Exhibit 10.7 
 URBAN OUTFITTERS 
 2017 
 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 
   
 
 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
   
          Page   SECTION 1 -   
 PURPOSE 
      1   SECTION 2 -   
 DEFINITIONS 
      1   SECTION 3 -   
 ADMINISTRATION 
      4   SECTION 4 -   
 STOCK 
      5   SECTION 5 -   
 GRANTING OF AWARDS 
      5   SECTION 6 -   
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF OPTIONS 
      6   SECTION 7 -   
 SARS 
      8   SECTION 8 -   
 RESTRICTED STOCK 
      9   SECTION 9 -   
 RSUs 
      10   SECTION 10 -   
 STOCK GRANTS 
      11   SECTION 11 -   
 AWARD AGREEMENTS 
      11   SECTION 12 -   
 ADJUSTMENT IN CASE OF CHANGES IN COMMON STOCK 
      11   SECTION 13 -   
 CHANGE IN CONTROL 
      12   SECTION 14 -   
 CERTAIN CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS 
      13   SECTION 15 -   
 AMENDMENT OF THE PLAN AND OUTSTANDING AWARDS 
      13   SECTION 16 -   
 TERMINATION OF PLAN; CESSATION OF ISO GRANTS 
      14   SECTION 17 -   
 SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL 
      14   SECTION 18 -   
 MISCELLANEOUS 
      14   
 
 
 URBAN OUTFITTERS 
 2017 
 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 
 WHEREAS, Urban Outfitters, Inc. desires to grant equity incentive awards to certain of its employees, consultants and non-employee directors; 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the Urban Outfitters 2017 Stock Incentive Plan is hereby adopted under the following terms and conditions: 
 SECTION 1 - PURPOSE 
The Plan is intended to provide a means whereby the Company may, through the grant of Awards to Employees, Consultants and Non-Employee Directors, attract and retain such individuals and motivate them to exercise their best efforts on behalf of the Company and of any Related Corporation. 
 SECTION 2 - DEFINITIONS 
The following terms when used herein shall have the following meanings unless otherwise required by the context: 
 (a) " Administrator " shall mean: 
(1) The Chairman of the Board, with respect to an Award which (A) covers 40,000 or fewer shares of Common Stock, and (B) is granted to an individual who is not subject to section 16(b) of the Exchange Act and who is not a "covered employee" for purposes of section 162(m) of the Code; or 
 (2) The Committee. 
 (b)  " Award" shall mean an ISO, NQSO, SAR, Restricted Stock, RSU or Stock Grant awarded by the Company to an Employee, a Consultant or a Non-Employee Director. 
 (c) " Award Agreement " shall mean a document evidencing the grant of an Award, as described in Section 11. 
 (d) " Board " shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 (e) " Code " shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 (f) " Committee" shall mean a committee which consists solely of not fewer than two directors of the Company who shall be appointed by, and serve at the pleasure of, the Board (taking into consideration the rules under section 16(b) of the Exchange Act and the requirements of Code Â§162(m)), or the entire Board. 
 
 
 (g) " Common Stock " shall mean the common shares of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share. 
 (h) " Company " shall mean Urban Outfitters, Inc. 
 (i) " Consultant" shall mean an individual who is not an Employee or a Non-Employee Director and who has entered into a consulting arrangement with the Company or a Related Corporation to provide  bona fide services that (1) are not in connection with the offer or sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction, and (2) do not directly or indirectly promote or maintain a market f or the Company's securities. 
 (j) " Employee " shall mean an officer or other employee of the Company or a Related Corporation. 
 (k) " Exchange Act " shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 (l) " Fair Market Value " shall mean: 
(1) The closing price of the Common Stock on a registered securities exchange on the applicable date or the immediately preceding trading day if the applicable date is not a tradin g day; or 
(2) Such other method of determining fair market value as shall be authorized by the Code, or the rules or regulations thereunder, and adopted by the Committee. 
 (m) " Grantee" shall mean an Employee, a Consultant or a Non-Employee Director who has been granted an Award under the Plan. 
 (n) " ISO" shall mean an Option which, at the time such Option is granted, qualifies as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Code Â§422, unless the Award Agreement states that th e Option will not be treated as an ISO. 
 (o) " Non-Employee Director " shall mean a member of the Board who is not an Employee. 
 (p) " NQSO" shall mean an Option which, at the time such Option is granted, does not qualify as an ISO, whether or not it is designated as a nonqualified stock option in the Award Agreement. 
 (q) " Options" shall mean ISOs and NQSOs which entitle the Grantee on exercise thereof to purchase shares of Common Stock at a specified exercise price. 
 (r) " Performance Goals" shall mean the objective goal or goals applicable to a Grantee's Performance Stock or PSUs that are deemed by the Committee to be important to the success of the Company or any affiliates of the Company. The Committee shall establish the specific objective measures for each applicable goal for a performance period, which need not be uniform with respect to  each Grantee. In creating these measures, the Committee shall use one 
   
 2 
 
 
or more of the following business criteria: sales, profit, return on sales, net operating profit after taxes, investment turnover, customer service indices, funds from operations, income from operations, return on assets, return on net assets, asset turnover, return on equity, return on capital, market price of shares of Common Stock, economic value added, total shareholder return, net income, pre-tax income, earnings per share, operating profit margin, net income margin, sales margin, cash flow, market share, inventory turnover, sales growth, net revenue growth, capacity utilization, new stores opened, customer penetration, increase in customer base, net income growth, expense control and hiring of personnel. The business criteria may apply to the individual, a division, a component of the Company's business, or to the Company and/or one or more Related Corporations and may be weighted and expressed in absolute terms or relative to the performance of other individuals or companies or an index. The Committee shall determine the performance period and the Performance Goals and measures (and weighting thereof) applicable to such period not later than the earlier of (i) 90 days after the commencement of the performance period, or (ii) the expi ration of 25% of the performance period. 
 (s) " Performance Stock" shall mean a type of Restricted Stock, where the lapse of restrictions is based on Performance Goals. 
 (t) " Plan" shall mean the Urban Outfitters 2017 Stock Incentive Plan as set forth herein and as amended from time to time. 
 (u) " PSU" shall mean a performance stock unit which is a type of RSU, the vesting of which is based on Performance Goals. 
 (v) " Related Corporation" shall mean any corporation or other entity in which the Company holds, directly or indirectly, a controlling interest; provided, however, that with respect to ISOs, an entity shall be a "Related Corporation" only if the entity is described in the preceding clause and is a "subsidiary corporation" of the Company, as defined in Code Â§424(f). For purposes of this subsection, the term "controlling interest" shall have the same meaning as provided in Treas. Reg. Â§1.414(c)-2(b)(2)(i), using "at least 50 percent" instead of "at least 80  percent" each place it appears in such regulation. 
 (w) " Restricted Stock" shall mean Common Stock subject to restrictions determined by the Administrator pursuant to Section 8. 
 (x) " RSU " shall mean a restricted stock unit granted pursuant to Section 9. 
 (y) " SAR" shall mean an Award granted pursuant to Section 7 which entitles the recipient on exercise to receive an amount determined by reference to appreciation in the value of Common Sto ck. 
 (z) " Short-Term Deferral Period" shall mean, with respect to an amount (including Common Stock) payable pursuant to an Award, the period ending on the later of (1) the 15 th day of the third month following the Grantee's first taxable year in which the amount is no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, or (2) the 15 th day of the third month following the Company's first taxable year in which the amount is no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture; provided, however, that such period  shall be within one calendar year and shall not exceed 2  1 â�„ 2 months. A Grantee shall have no discretion over the payment date and shall have no right to interest as a result of payment on a date other than the first day of the Short-Term De ferral Period. 
   
 3 
 
 
 (aa) " Stock Grant " shall mean a grant of unrestricted shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 10. 
 (bb) " Termination of Service" shall mean (1) with respect to an Award granted to an Employee, the termination of the employment relationship between the Employee and the Company and all Related Corporations; (2) with respect to an Award granted to a Consultant, the termination of the consulting or advisory arrangement between the Consultant and the Company and all Related Corporations; and (3) with respect to an Award granted to a Non-Employee Director, the cessation of the provision of services as a director of the Company and all Related Corporations; provided, however, that if the Grantee's status changes from Employee, Consultant or Non-Employee Director to any other status eligible to receive an Award under the Plan, no Termination of Service shall occur for purposes of the Plan until the Grantee's new status with the Company and all Related Corporations terminates. For purposes of this paragraph, if a Grantee's relationship is with a Related Corporation and not the Company, the Grantee shall incur a Termination of Service when such corporation ceases to be a Related Corporation, unless the Committee determines otherwise. A Termination of Service shall not be deemed to have resulted by reason of a bona fide leave of absence approved by the Committee or the Chairm an of the Board. 
 SECTION 3 - ADMINISTRATION 
The Plan shall be administered by the Administrator. The Administrator (and members thereof), while serving as such, shall be deemed to be acting in its (or his) capacity as a dire ctor or an officer of the Company. 
The Administrator shall have full authority, subject to the terms of the Plan, to select the Employees, Consultants and Non-Employee Directors to be granted Awards under the Plan, to grant Awards on behalf of the Company, and to set the date of grant and the other terms of such Awards in accordance with the terms of the Plan. The Committee may correct any defect, supply any omission, and reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan, and the Administrator may do so with respect to any Award granted hereunder, in the manner and to the extent it (or he) deems desirable. The Committee also shall have the authority (1) to establish such rules and regulations, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, for the proper administration of the Plan, and to amend, modify, or rescind any such rules and regulations, (2) to adopt modifications, amendments, procedures, sub-plans and the like, which may be inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, as are necessary to comply with the laws and regulations of other countries in which the Company operates in order to assure the viability of Awards granted under the Plan to individuals in such other countries, and (3) to make such determinations and interpretations under, or in connection with, the Plan, as it deems necessary or advisable. All such rules, regulations, determinations, and interpretations shall be binding and conclusive upon the Company, its shareholders, and all Grantees, upon their respective legal representatives, beneficiaries, successors, and assigns, and upon all other persons claiming under or through any 
   
 4 
 
 
of them. Except as otherwise required by the bylaws of the Company or by applicable law, no member of the Board or the Committee shall be liable for any action or determination mad e in good faith with respect to the Plan or any Award granted under it. 
 SECTION 4 - STOCK 
The maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be delivered under the Plan is 10,000,000 shares (which is also the maximum aggregate number of shares that may be i ssued under the Plan through ISOs), subject to the following limits: 
   
 Type of Award    Limit on Number of Shares Available for Grant Under Plan    Limit on Number of Shares Available for Grant to Any Employee During Any Fiscal Year Options    Plan Limit    2,000,000 SARs    Plan Limit    2,000,000 Restricted Stock and RSUs    4,000,000 (in the aggregate)    2,000,000 (in the aggregate) Stock Grants    1,000,000    N/A 
Each limit stated in this Section 4 shall be subject to adjustment as described in Section 12. Shares delivered under the Plan may be authorized but unissued shares or reacquired shares, and the Company may purchase shares required for this purpose, from time to time, if it deems such purchase to be advisable. 
If any Award expires, terminates for any reason, is cancelled, is forfeited or is settled in cash rather than Common Stock, the number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which such Award expired, terminated, was cancelled, was forfeited or was settled in cash, shall continue to be available for future Awards granted under the Plan. If any Option is exercised by surrendering Common Stock to the Company or by withholding Common Stock as full or partial payment, or if tax withholding requirements are satisfied by surrendering Common Stock to the Company or withholding Common Stock, only the number of shares issued net of Common Stock withheld or surrendered shall be deemed delivered for purposes of determin ing the maximum number of shares available for grant under the Plan. 
 SECTION 5 - GRANTING OF AWARDS 
The Administrator may, on behalf of the Company, grant to Employees, Consultants and Non-Employee Directors such Awards as the Administrator in its (or his) sole discretion, determines are warranted, subject to the terms of the Plan. However, grants of ISOs and other Awards shall be separate and not in tandem, and Consultants and Non-Employee Directors shall not be eligible to receive ISOs under the Plan. More than one Award may be granted to an Employee, Consultant or Non-Employee Director under the Plan. 
   
 5 
 
 
 SECTION 6 - TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF OPTIONS 
Option Award Agreements shall include expressly or by reference the following terms and conditions, as well as such other provisions as the Administrator shall deem desirable that  are not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan and, for ISOs, Code Â§422(b). 
 (a)  Number of Shares. The Award Agreement shall state the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Option pertains. 
 (b)  Exercise Price. The Award Agreement shall state the exercise price which shall be determined and fixed by the Administrator in its (or his) discretion, but the exercise price shall not be less than the higher of 100 percent (110 percent in the case of an ISO granted to a more-than-ten-percent shareholder, as provided in subsection (i) below) of the Fair Market Value of a  share of Common Stock on the date the Option is granted, or the par value thereof. 
 (c)  Term. The term of each Option shall be determined by the Administrator, in its (or his) discretion; provided, however, that the term of each ISO shall be not more than ten years (five years in the case of a more-than-ten-percent shareholder, as provided in subsection (i) below) from the date of grant of the ISO. Each Option shall be subject to earlier terminatio n as provided in subsections (f), (g), and (h) below and in Section 14. 
 (d)  Exercise. An Option shall be exercisable in such installments, upon fulfillment of such conditions (such as performance-based requirements), or on such dates as the Administrator may specify. The Administrator may accelerate the exercise date of an outstanding Option, in its (or his) discretion, if the Administrator deems such acceleration to be desirable. 
Any exercisable Option may be exercised at any time up to the expiration or termination of the Option. Exercisable Options may be exercised, in whole or in part and from time to time, by giving notice of exercise (in accordance with procedures established by the Committee) to the Company (at its principal office) or to the Company's delegate, specifying the number of shares to be purchased and accompanied by payment in full of the aggregate exercise price for such shares (except that, in the case of an exercise arrangement approved by the Committee and described in paragraph (4) below, payment may be made as soon as practicable after the exercise). Only full shares shall be issued, and any fractional share whic h might otherwise be issuable upon exercise of an Option shall be forfeited. 
The Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall determine from the following alternatives, the methods by which the exercise price may be paid - 
 (1) in cash or, if permitted by the Administrator, its equivalent; 
(2) in shares of Common Stock previously acquired by the Grantee (and the exercise price so paid shall be equal to the Fair Market Value, as of the date of exercise, of the previou sly acquired shares); 
   
 6 
 
 
(3) by decreasing the number of shares for which the Option is exercisable on the date of exercise (in an amount equal to the exercise price to be paid under this method, divided by the positive excess of the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the date of exercise, over the per share exercise price); 
(4) by delivering a properly executed notice of exercise of the Option to the Company and a broker, with irrevocable instructions to the broker promptly to deliver to the Company t he amount necessary to pay the exercise price of the Option; or 
 (5) in any combination of paragraphs (1), (2), (3) and (4) above. 
To the extent an Award Agreement does not include one or more alternatives, the Administrator hereby specifically reserves the right to exercise its (or his) discretion to allow th e Grantee to pay the exercise price using such alternative. 
 (e)  ISO Annual Limit. The aggregate Fair Market Value (determined as of the date the ISO is granted) of the Common Stock with respect to which ISOs are exercisable for the first time by an Employee during any calendar year (counting ISOs under this Plan and under any other stock option plan of the Company or a parent or subsidiary corporation of the Company (as defined in Code Â§424(e) and (f)) shall not exceed $100,000. If an Option intended as an ISO is granted to an Employee and the Option may not be treated in whole or in part as an ISO pursuant to the $100,000 limit, the Option shall be treated as an ISO to the extent it may be so treated under the limit and as an NQSO as to the remainder. For purposes of determining whether an ISO would cause the limitation to be exceeded, ISOs shall be taken into account in the order granted. 
 (f)  Termination of Service for a Reason Other Than Death or Disability. If a Grantee's Termination of Service occurs prior to the expiration date fixed for his or her Option for any reason other than death or disability, such Option may be exercised by the Grantee at any time prior to the earlier of (i) the expiration date specified in the Award Agreement, or (ii) thirty days after the date of such Termination of Service (unless the Award Agreement provides a different expiration date in the case of such a Termination). Such Option may be exercised to the extent of the number of shares with respect to which the Grantee could have exercised it on the date of such Termination of Service, or to any greater extent permitted by the Administrator, and shall terminate on the date of suc h Termination of Service with respect to the remaining shares. 
 (g)  Disability. If a Grantee becomes disabled (within the meaning of Code Â§22(e)(3)) prior to the expiration date fixed for his or her Option, and the Grantee's Termination of Service occurs as a consequence of such disability, such Option may be exercised by the Grantee at any time prior to the earlier of (i) the expiration date specified in the Award Agreement, or (ii) six months after the date of such Termination of Service (unless the Award Agreement provides a different expiration date in the case of such a Termination). Such Option may be exercised to the extent of the number of shares with respect to which the Grantee could have exercised it on the date of such Termination of Service, or to any greater extent permitted by the Administrator, and shall terminate on the date of such Termination of Service with respect to the remaining shares. In the event of the Grantee's legal disability, such O ption may be exercised by the Grantee's legal representative. 
   
 7 
 
 
 (h)  Death. If a Grantee's Termination of Service occurs as a result of death, prior to the expiration date fixed for his or her Option, or if the Grantee dies following his or her Termination of Service but prior to the expiration of the period determined under subsections (f) or (g) above (including any extension of such period provided in the Award Agreement), such Option may be exercised by the Grantee's estate, personal representative, or beneficiary who acquired the right to exercise such Option by bequest or inheritance or by reason of the death of the Grantee. Such post-death exercise may occur at any time prior to the earlier of (i) the expiration date specified in the Award Agreement, or (ii) six months after the date of the Grantee's death (unless the Award Agreement provides a different expiration date in the case of death). Such Option may be exercised to the extent of the number of shares with respect to which the Grantee could have exercised it on the date of his or her death, or to any greater extent permitted by the Administrator, and shall terminate on the  date of the Optionee's death with respect to the remaining shares. 
 (i)  More-Than-Ten-Percent Shareholder. If, after applying the attribution rules of Code Â§424(d), the Grantee owns stock possessing more than ten percent of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or of a parent or subsidiary corporation of the Company (as defined in Code Â§424(e) and (f)) immediately before an ISO is granted to him or her, the exercise price for the ISO shall be not less than 110 percent of the Fair Market Value of the optioned shares of Common Stock on the date the ISO is granted, and such ISO, by its terms, shall not be exercisable after the expiration of five years from the date the ISO is granted. The conditions set forth in this subsection shall not apply to NQSOs. 
 SECTION 7 - SARS 
 (a)  Nature of SARs. An SAR entitles the Grantee to receive, with respect to each share of Common Stock as to which the SAR is exercised, the excess of the share's Fair Market Value on the date of exercise over its Fair Market Value on the date the SAR was granted. Such excess shall be paid in cash, shares of Common Stock, or a combination thereof, as determined by the Adminis trator. 
 (b)  Exercise of SARs. An SAR shall become exercisable in such installments, upon fulfillment of such conditions (such as performance-based requirements), or on such dates as the Administrator may specify in the Award Agreement. The Administrator may at any time accelerate the time at which all or any part of the SAR may be exercised. Any exercise of an SAR must be made by giving notice to the Company at its principal office in accordance with procedures established by the Administrator. 
 (c)  Termination of Service. If a Grantee's Termination of Service occurs prior to the expiration date fixed for his or her SAR, Section 6(f), (g) and (h) shall be applied to determine the extent to which, and the period during which, the SAR may be exercised. For purposes of this Section 7(c), the term "SAR" shall replace the term "Option" in each place such term appears in Section 6 (f), (g) and (h). 
   
 8 
 
 
 SECTION 8 - RESTRICTED STOCK 
 (a)  General Requirements. Restricted Stock may be issued or transferred for consideration (in addition to past services) or for no additional consideration, as determined by the Administrator. At the time Restricted Stock is granted, the Administrator shall determine whether the Restricted Stock is Performance Stock (where the lapse of restrictions is based on Performance Goals), or Restricted Stock that is not Performance Stock (where the lapse of restrictions is based on times and/or conditions determined by the Committee). 
 (b)  Shareholder Rights. Each Grantee who receives Restricted Stock shall have all of the rights of a shareholder with respect to such shares, subject to the restrictions set forth in subsection (c), including the right to vote the shares and receive dividends and other distributions. Any shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company received by a Grantee with respect to a share of Restricted Stock as a stock dividend, or in connection with a stock split or combination, share exchange or other recapitalization, shall have the same status and be subject to the same restrictions as such Restricted Stock. Any cash dividends with respect to a Grantee's Restricted Stock shall be paid to the Grantee at the same time as such dividends are paid to other shareholders. Unless the Administrator determines otherwise, certificates evidencing shares of Restricted Stock will remain in the possession of the Company until such shares are free of all restrictions under the Plan and the Grantee has satisfied any federal, state and local tax withholding obligations applicable to such shares. 
 (c)  Restrictions. Except as otherwise specifically provided in the Plan, Restricted Stock may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, or otherwise encumbered or disposed of, and if the Grantee incurs a Termination of Service for any reason, must be offered to the Company for purchase for the amount of cash (or cash equivalents) paid for the shares of Common Stock, or f orfeited to the Company if no cash (or cash equivalent) was so paid. 
 (d)  Lapse of Restrictions . 
 (1)  In General. Upon the lapse of all restrictions in accordance with this subsection (d) or Section 13, shares of Common Stock shall cease to be Restricted Stock for purposes of the Plan. 
 (2)  Restricted Stock Other Than Performance Stock. With respect to Restricted Stock that is not Performance Stock, the restrictions described in subsection (c) shall lapse at such time or times, and on such conditions (such as performance-based requirements), as the Administrator may specify in the Award Agreement. The Administrator may at any time accelerate the time at which the restrictions on all or an y part of the shares of Restricted Stock (other than Performance Stock) will lapse. 
 (3)  Performance Stock. With respect to Performance Stock, the restrictions described in subsection (c) shall lapse at the end of the applicable performance period if and to the extent the Performance Goals (established in accordance with Section 2(r)) have been achieved for such period. The Committee shall certify the extent to which the Performance Goals are achieved and shall have the discretion to decrease (but not increase) the extent to which such restrictions lapse on account of such achievement. The restrictions described in 
   
 9 
 
 
subsection (c) shall also lapse (A) as provided in Section 13, or (B) if and to the extent determined by the Committee in the case of the Grantee's death or disability. If the Grantee's Termination of Service occurs for any reason prior to the end of the performance period, the Grantee shall forfeit all Performance Stock granted with respect to such performance period except (i) as provided in Section 13, (ii) as determined by the Committee in the case of the Grantee's death or disability, or (iii) the Committee may provide that restrictions lapse with respect to a pro-rata portion of the number of shares of Performance Stock for which the restrictions would have lapsed had the Grantee been employed on the last day of the performance period, under such circumstances as the Committee, in its sole discretion, determines. 
 (e)  Notice of Tax Election. Any Grantee making an election under Code Â§83(b) for the immediate recognition of income attributable to the award of Restricted Stock must provide a copy thereof to the Company  within 10 days of the filing of such election with the Internal Revenue Service. 
 SECTION 9 - RSUs 
 (a)  Nature of RSUs. An RSU entitles the Grantee to receive, with respect to each RSU that vests in accordance with subsection (c) or Section 13, one share of Common Stock, cash equal to the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the date of vesting, or a combination thereof as determined by the Administrator and set forth in the Award Agreement. Any fractional RSU sh all be payable in cash. 
 (b)  Grant of RSUs. At the time of grant, the Administrator shall determine (1) the number of RSUs subject to the Award, (2) whether the RSU is a PSU (where vesting is based on Performance Goals), or an RSU that is not a PSU (where vesting is based on times and/or conditions determined by the Administrator), and (3) when such RSUs shall vest in accordance with subsection (c). The Company shall establish a bookkeeping account in the Grantee's name which reflects the number and type of RSUs standing to the credit of the Grantee. 
 (c)  Vesting . 
 (1)  RSUs Other Than PSUs. With respect to RSUs that are not PSUs, the Administrator shall determine when such RSUs shall vest and any conditions (such as continued employment or performance measures) that must be met in order for such RSUs to vest at the end of the applicable restriction period. The Administrator may at any time accelerate the time at which RSUs (other than PSUs) s hall vest. 
 (2)  PSUs. PSUs shall vest at the end of the applicable performance period if and to the extent the Performance Goals (established in accordance with Section 2(r)) have been achieved for such period. The Committee shall certify the extent to which the Performance Goals are achieved and shall the have the discretion to decrease (but not increase) the extent to which PSUs vest on account of such achievement. PSUs shall also vest (A) as provided in Section 13, or (B) if and to the extent determined by the Committee in the case of the Grantee's death or disability. If the Grantee's Termination of Service occurs for any reason prior to the end of the performance period, the Grantee shall forfeit all PSUs granted with respect  to 
   
 10 
 
 
such performance period except (i) as provided in Section 13, (ii) as determined by the Committee in the case of the Grantee's death or disability, or (iii) the Committee may provide for vesting of a pro-rata portion of the PSUs that would have vested had the Grantee been employed on the last day of the performance period, under such circumstances as the Com mittee, in its sole discretion, determines. 
 (3)  Payment. Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement, upon the vesting of an RSU in accordance with this subsection (c) or Section 13, payment, in Common Stock or cash (as applica ble), shall be made in the Short-Term Deferral Period. 
 (d)  Dividend Equivalent Rights. The Company shall credit to the Grantee's bookkeeping account, on each date that the Company pays a cash dividend to holders of Common Stock generally, an additional number of RSUs equal to the total number of RSUs credited to the Grantee's bookkeeping account on the dividend record date, multiplied by the dollar amount of the per share cash dividend, and divided by the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the dividend payment date. RSUs attributable to such dividend equivalent rights shall be subject to the same terms an d conditions as the RSUs to which such dividend equivalent rights relate. 
 SECTION 10 - STOCK GRANTS 
The Administrator may make a Stock Grant to an Employee, Non-Employee Director or Consultant. Such Stock Grant shall be fully vested on the date made. 
 SECTION 11 - AWARD AGREEMENTS 
Awards granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by Award Agreements in such form as the Administrator shall from time to time approve which shall include such provisions as the Administrator shall deem advisable that are not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, Code Â§409A and, for ISOs, Code Â§422(b). For example, an Award Agreement may require forfeiture or payment of gains to the Company in the event of the Grantee's misconduct. The Award Agreements shall specify the type of Award granted. Each Grantee shall enter into, a nd be bound by, an Award Agreement as soon as practicable after the grant of an Award. 
 SECTION 12 - ADJUSTMENT IN CASE OF CHANGES IN COMMON STOCK 
The following shall be adjusted to reflect any stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, spin-off, distribution, recapitalization, share combination or reclassification, or  similar change in the capitalization of the Company: 
 (a) The maximum number and type of shares under the limits set forth in Section 4; and 
(b) The number and type of shares issuable upon exercise or vesting of outstanding Options, SARs and RSUs under the Plan (as well as the option price per share under outstanding Options and the Fair Market Value of a share on the date an outstanding SAR was granted); provided, however, that (i) no such adjustment shall be made to an outstanding ISO if such adjustment would constitute a modification under Code Â§424(h), unless the Grantee consents to such adjustment, and (ii) no such adjustment shall be made to an outstanding Option or  SAR if such adjustment would cause the Option or SAR to be subject to Code Â§409A. 
   
 11 
 
 
In the event any such change in capitalization cannot be reflected in a straight mathematical adjustment of the number of shares issuable upon the exercise or vesting of outstanding Options, SARs and RSUs (and a straight mathematical adjustment of the exercise price or Fair Market Value on the date of grant of a SAR), the Committee shall make such adjustments as are appropriate to reflect most nearly such straight mathematical adjustment. Such adjustments shall be made only as necessary to maintain the proportionate interest of Grante es, and preserve, without exceeding, the value of Awards. 
 SECTION 13 - CHANGE IN CONTROL 
 (a)  Full Vesting. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, each outstanding Award shall become fully vested and exercisable upon a Change in Control unless the Award Agreement evidencing the Award provides otherwise; provided, however, that this Section 13 shall not increase the extent to which an Award is vested or exercisable if the Grantee's Termination of Servi ce occurs prior to the Change in Control. 
 (b)  Definitions . 
(1) For purposes of this Plan, a "Change in Control" with respect to the Company shall mean any of the following events: 
(A) a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation resulting in the voting power of the securities (as described in clause (D) below) of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting stock of the surviving entity) more than a majority of the combined voting power of the securities of the Company (or such surviving entity) outstanding immediately after such merger of consolidation; 
(B) any sale, lease, exchange, or other transfer (in one transaction or in a series of related transactions) of all, or substantially all, of the assets of the Company; 
 (C) the dissolution and liquidation of the Company; or 
(D) any person or "group" (other than a benefit plan sponsored by either the Company or a subsidiary of the Company and other than Richard A. Hayne or his estate, personal representative or the beneficiaries under his will), becoming after December 12, 2016 the "beneficial owner," directly or indirectly, of securities representing a majority of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Company ordinarily (and apart from the rights accruing under special circumstances) having the right to vote in the election of directors (calculated as provided in paragraph (d) of Rule 13d-3 in the case of rights to acquire such securities). 
   
 12 
 
 
(2) For purposes hereof, the terms "group" and "beneficial owner" shall have the meanings given to them in Rule 13d-3; and Rule 13d-3 shall mean Rule 13d-3 of the Securities and Ex change Commission promulgated under the Exchange Act. 
 SECTION 14 - CERTAIN CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS 
In the event of a corporate transaction (such as, for example, a merger, consolidation, acquisition of property or stock, separation, reorganization, or liquidation), the surviving or successor corporation shall assume each outstanding Award or substitute a new award of the same type for each outstanding Award; provided, however, that, in the event of a proposed corporate transaction, the Committee may terminate all or a portion of the outstanding Awards, effective upon the closing of the corporate transaction, if it determines that such termination is in the best interests of the Company. If the Committee decides so to terminate outstanding Options and SARs, the Committee shall give each Grantee holding an Option or SAR to be terminated not fewer than seven days' notice prior to any such termination, and any Option or SAR which is to be so terminated may be exercised (if and only to the extent that it is then exercisable under the terms of the Award Agreement and Section 13) at any time prior to such termination. Further, as provided in Sections 6(d), 7(b), 8(d)(2) and 9(c)(1), the Administrator may, in its discretion accelerate, in whole or in part, the date on which any or all Awards become exercisable or vested (to the extent such Award  is not fully exercisable or vested pursuant to the Award Agreement or Section 13). 
The Committee also may, in its discretion, change the terms of any outstanding Award to reflect any such corporate transaction, provided that (i) in the case of ISOs, such change would not constitute a "modification" under Code Â§424(h), unless the Grantee consents to the change, and (ii) no such adjustment shall be made to an outstanding Option or SAR if su ch adjustment would cause the Option or SAR to be subject to Code Â§409A. 
 SECTION 15 - AMENDMENT OF THE PLAN AND OUTSTANDING AWARDS 
The Board, pursuant to resolution, may amend or suspend the Plan, and, except as provided below, the Administrator may amend an outstanding Award in any respect whatsoever and at any time; provided, however, that the following amendments shall require the approval of shareholders - 
 (a) a change in the class of employees eligible to participate in the Plan with respect to ISOs; 
(b) except as permitted under Section 12, an increase in the maximum number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which ISOs may be granted under the Plan; 
(c) a modification of the material terms of the "performance goal," within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Â§ 1.162-27(e)(4)(vi) or any successor thereto (to the extent compliance with  section 162(m) of the Code is desired); and 
(d) any amendment for which shareholder approval is required under the rules of the exchange or market on which the Common Stock is listed or traded. 
   
 13 
 
 
Except as provided in Section 14, no amendment or suspension of an outstanding Award shall (i) adversely affect the rights of the Grantee or cause the modification (within the meaning of Code Â§424(h)) of an ISO, without the consent of the Grantee affected thereby, or (ii) cause an Option or SAR to become subject to Code Â§409A. 
 SECTION 16 - TERMINATION OF PLAN; CESSATION OF ISO GRANTS 
The Board, pursuant to resolution, may terminate the Plan at any time and for any reason. No ISOs shall be granted hereunder after December 11, 2026, which date is within 10 years after the date the Plan was adopted, or the date the Plan was approved by the shareholders of the Company, whichever is earlier. Nothing contained in this Section, however, shall terminate or affect the continued existence of rights created under Awards granted hereunder which are outstanding on the date the Plan is terminated and which by their terms extend  beyond such date. 
 SECTION 17 - SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL 
This Plan shall become effective on December 12, 2016; provided, however, that if the Plan is not approved by the shareholders of the Company within 12 months before or after the date the Plan was adopted, the Plan and all Awards granted hereunder shall be null and void and no additional Awards shall be granted hereunder. 
 SECTION 18 - MISCELLANEOUS 
 (a)  Rights. Neither the adoption of the Plan nor any action of the Board or the Administrator shall be deemed to give any individual any right to be granted an Award, or any other right hereunder, unless and until the Administrator shall have granted such individual an Award, and then his or her rights shall be only such as are provided in the Award Agreement. Notwithstanding any provisions of the Plan or the Award Agreement with an Employee, the Company and any Related Corporation shall have the right, in its discretion but subject to any employment contract entered into with the Employee, to retire the Employee at any time pursuant to its retirement rules or otherwise to terminate his or her employment at any time for any reason whatsoever, or for no reason. A Grantee shall have no rights as a shareholder with respect to any shares covered by his or her Award until the issuance of a stock certificate to him or her for such shares, except as otherwise provided under Section 8(b) (regarding Restricted Stock). 
 (b)  Indemnification of Board and Committee. Without limiting any other rights of indemnification which they may have from the Company and any affiliate of the Company, the members of the Board and the members of the Committee shall be indemnified by the Company against all costs and expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with any claim, action, suit, or proceeding to which they or any of them may be a party by reason of any action taken or failure to act under, or in connection with, the Plan, or any Award granted hereunder, and against all amounts paid by them in settlement thereof (provided such settlement is approved by legal counsel selected by the Company) or paid by them in satisfaction of a judgment in any such action, suit, or proce eding, except a judgment based upon a finding of 
   
 14 
 
 
willful misconduct or recklessness on their part. Upon the making or institution of any such claim, action, suit, or proceeding, the Board or Committee member shall notify the Company in writing, giving the Company an opportunity, at its own expense, to handle and defend the same before such Board or Committee member undertakes to handle it on his or her own behalf. The provisions of this Section shall not give members of the Board or the Committee greater rights than they would have under the Company's by-laws or Pennsylvania law. 
 (c)  Transferability; Registration. No ISO, Restricted Stock or RSU shall be assignable or transferable by the Grantee other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. During the lifetime of the Grantee, an ISO shall be exercisable only by the Grantee or, in the event of the Grantee's legal disability, by the Grantee's guardian or legal representative. Except as provided in an Employee's or Consultant's Award Agreement, such limits on assignment, transfer and exercise shall also apply to NQSOs and SARs. 
A Non-Employee Director may transfer an NQSO or SAR for no consideration to (1) the Non-Employee Director's child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, sibling, niece, nephew, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law, including adoptive relationships, or any person sharing the Non-Employee Director's household (other than a tenant or employee) ("Permitted Transferees"), (2) a trust in which one or more Permitted Transferees in the aggregate have more than 50% of the beneficial interest, (3) a foundation in which one or more Permitted Transferees (or the Non-Employee Director) in the aggregate control the management of assets, and (4) any other entity in which one or more Permitted Transferees (or the Non-Employee Director) in the aggregate own more than 50% of the voting interests. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, or by will or the laws of descent and distribution, an NQSO or SAR granted to a Non-Employee Director shall not be assignable or transferable by the Non-Employee Director, and during the lifetime of the Non-Employee Director, the NQSO shall be exercisable only by the Non-Employee Director or by his guardian or legal representative. Any NQSO or SAR transferred by a Non-Employee Director shall not be assignable or transferable by the transferee. 
If the Grantee so requests at the time of exercise of an Option or an SAR, or at the time of grant of Restricted Stock or vesting of an RSU, the certificate(s) shall be registered  in the name of the Grantee and the Grantee's spouse jointly, with right of survivorship. 
 (d)  Deferrals. The Committee may permit or require Grantees to defer receipt of any Common Stock issuable upon the lapse of the restriction period applicable to Restricted Stock or RSUs, subject to such rules and procedures as it may establish, which may include provisions for the payment or crediting of interest, or dividend equivalents, including converting such credits into deferred Common Stock equivalents. In no event, however, shall such deferrals be permitted unless the Grantee's Award Agreement specifically permits deferrals under this Sec tion. 
 (e)  Listing and Registration of Shares. Each Award shall be subject to the requirement that, if at any time the Committee shall determine, in its discretion, that the listing, registration, or qualification of the shares of Common Stock covered thereby upon any securities exchange or under any state or federal law, or the consent or approval of any governmental 
   
 15 
 
 
regulatory body, is necessary or desirable as a condition of, or in connection with, the granting of such Award or the purchase of shares of Common Stock thereunder, or that action by the Company, its shareholders, or the Grantee should be taken in order to obtain an exemption from any such requirement or to continue any such listing, registration, or qualification, no such Award may be exercised, in whole or in part, and no Restricted Stock, RSU or Stock Grant may be awarded, unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, consent, approval, or action shall have been effected, obtained, or taken under conditions acceptable to the Committee. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Grantee or his or her legal representative or beneficiary may also be required to give satisfactory assurance that such person is an eligible purchaser under applicable securities laws, and that the shares purchased or granted pursuant to the Award shall be for investment purposes and not with a view to distribution; certificates representing such shares may be  legended accordingly. 
 (f)  Withholding and Use of Shares to Satisfy Tax Obligations. The obligation of the Company to deliver shares of Common Stock or cash upon the exercise of any Award, upon the vesting of Restricted Stock or RSU, or upon the making of a Stock Grant shall be subject to applicable federal, state and local tax withholding requirements. If the exercise of any Award, the vesting of Restricted Stock or RSU, or making of a Stock Grant is subject to the withholding requirements of applicable federal, state or local tax law, the Administrator, in its (or his) discretion, may permit or require the Grantee to satisfy the federal, state and/or local withholding tax, in whole or in part, by electing to have the Company withhold shares of Common Stock (or by returning previously acquired shares of Common Stock to the Company); provided, however, that the Company may limit the number of shares withheld to satisfy the tax withholding requirements with respect to any Award to the extent necessary to avoid adverse accounting consequences. Shares of Common Stock shall be valued, for purposes of this subsection, at their Fair Market Value (determined as of the date(s) such shares are withheld to satisfy the applicable withholding requirements). The Committee shall adopt such withholding rules as it deems necessary to car ry out the provisions of this subsection. 
 (g)  Acquisitions. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, Awards may be granted hereunder in substitution for awards held by employees, consultants or directors of other entities who are about to, or have, become Employees, Consultants or Non-Employee Directors as a result of a merger, consolidation, acquisition of assets or similar transaction by the Company or Related Corporation. The terms of the substitute Awards so granted may vary from the terms set forth in this Plan to such extent the Committee may deem appropriate to conform, in whole or in part, to the provisions of the awards in substitution for which they are granted; provided, however, that no substitute Award shall be granted which will subject the Awar d to section 409A of the Code (if it previously was not subject to such Code section). 
 (h)  Application of Funds. Any cash received in payment for shares pursuant to an Award shall be added to the general funds of the Company. Any Common Stock received in payment for shares shall become trea sury stock. 
 (i)  No Obligation to Exercise Award . The granting of an Award shall impose no obligation upon a Grantee to exercise such Award. 
   
 16 
 
 
 (j)  Governing Law. The Plan shall be governed by the applicable Code provisions to the maximum extent possible. Otherwise, the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (without reference to principles of conflicts of laws) shall govern the operation of, and the rights of Grantees under, the Plan, and Awards granted thereunder. 
 (k)  Unfunded Plan. The Plan, insofar as it provides for Awards, shall be unfunded, and the Company shall not be required to segregate any assets that may at any time be represented by Awards under the Plan. Any liability of the Company to any person with respect to any Award under this Plan shall be based solely upon any contractual obligations that may be created pursuant to the Plan. No such obligation of the Company shall be deemed to be secured by any pledge of, or other encumbrance on, any property of the Company. 
 (l)  Recoupment Policy. Notwithstanding any provision of this Plan to the contrary, a Grantee's right to receive or retain an Award, to retain any amount received pursuant to an Award (in cash or Common Stock) and, in the case of Common Stock received pursuant to an Award, to retain any profit or gain the Grantee realized in connection with such an Award, shall be subject to any  recoupment or "clawback" policy adopted by the Company. 
   
 17 
