 htm 16950 Material contracts 10 2017-03-27T16:03:52.74752-05:00 Filing 0001493152-17-002873 2017-03-27 10-K Annual  & Quarterly Reports 0001634447 Jensyn Acquisition Corp. 6770 NEW JERSEY DELAWARE DELAWARE false Small Reporting Company 001-37707 EX-10.1 Exhibit Exhibit 2 ex10-1.htm EX-10.1 2 ex10-1.htm 
   
 
 Exhibit 10.1 
   
 PROMISSORY NOTE 
   
 $425,000.00 March 7, 2017 
   
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, Jensyn Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation ("Maker" or the "Company"), hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the order of __________ ("Payee"), at Payee's office at 800 West Main Street, Suite 204, Freehold, New Jersey 07728 (or such other address specified by Payee to Maker) the sum of Four Hundred Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars and Zero Cents ($425,000.00) or such lesser amount as shall have been advanced by Payee to Maker and shall remain unpaid under this Note, in legal and lawful money of the United States of America. This Note replaces and supersedes in its entirety the note issued by the Company to the Payee dated August 5, 2016 in the principal amount of Two Hundred Fifty Tho usand Dollars ($250,000). 
   
 This is a non-interest bearing Note. 
   
The entire unpaid principal balance of this Note shall be due and payable no later than the date of the consummation of an initial business combination by the Company. 
   
If payment of this Note or any installment of this Note is not made when due, the entire indebtedness hereunder, at the option of Payee, shall immediately become due and payable, and Payee shall be entitled to pursue any and all remedies to which Payee is entitled hereunder, or at law or in equity. 
   
This Note may be prepaid, in whole or in part, without penalty. This Note may not be changed, amended or modified, except in a writing expressly intended for such purpose and executed by the party against whom enforcement of the change, amendment or modification is sought. The loan evidenced by this Note is made solely for business purposes and is not for pe rsonal, family, household or agricultural purposes. 
   
EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES MAY APPLY TO THE TERMS HEREOF, THE SUBSTANTIVE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE SHALL GOVERN THE VALIDITY, CONSTRUCTION, ENFORC EMENT AND INTERPRETATION OF THIS NOTE. 
   
Service of any notice by Maker to Payee or by Payee to Maker, shall be mailed, postage prepaid by certified United States mail, return receipt requested, at the address for such party set forth in this Note, or at such subsequent address provided to the other party hereto in the manner set forth in this paragraph for all notices. Any such notice shall be deemed given three (3 days after deposit thereof in an official depository under the care and custody of the United States Postal Service. 
   
 
 
   
 
 
       
 
 
   
Should the indebtedness represented by this Note or any part thereof be collected at law or in equity or through any bankruptcy, receivership, probate or other court proceedings, or if this Note is placed in the hands of attorneys for collection after default, the undersigned and all endorsers, guarantors and sureties of this Note jointly and severally agree to pay to the holder of this Note, in addition to the principal and interest due and payable hereon, reasonable attorneys' and collection fees. 
   
The undersigned and all endorsers, guarantors and sureties of this Note and all other persons liable or to become liable on this Note severally waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of demand and of dishonor and nonpayment of this Note, notice of intention to accelerate the maturity of this Note, notice of acceleration, protest and notice of protest, diligence in collecting, and the bringing of suit against any other party, and agree to all renewals, extensions, modifications, partial payments, releases or substitutions of sec urity, in whole or in part, with or without notice, before or after maturity. 
   
The undersigned hereby expressly and unconditionally waives, in connection with any suit, action or proceeding brought by the payee on this Note, any and every right it may have to (i) injunctive relief, (ii) a trial by jury, (iii) interpose any counterclaim therein and (iv) have the same consolidated with any other or separate suit, action or proceeding. Nothing herein contained shall prevent or prohibit the undersigned from instituting or maintaining a separate action against Payee with respect to any asserted claim. 
   
This Note represents the final agreement between the parties and may not be contradicted by evidence of prior, contemporaneous or subsequent oral agreements of the parties. 
   
 EXECUTED AND AGREED as of the date first above written. 
   
   Jensyn Acquisition Corp.,       a Delaware corporation         By:     Name: Jeffrey Raymond   Title: Chief Executive Officer 
   
 
 
 2 
 
 
       
 
 
   
